well that was a nightmare to turf out all of the preload to, and boy howdy did that light up like a christmas tree when we got to *a very specific* section.  

i'll stitch together some explanation and theoretical audits; we shall see what does give with the "monitoring dangerous women" crew.  

i mean, yes, technically a lot of women are dangerous to a lot of men.  

if you have a general appetite for accountability, transparency, and a pm with a killer record lawyering for rape survivors whilst in cps role.  

at some point we'll talk about how all these men who could be usful to us, are also wrapped up in red tape and constrained.  

because...  

some very powerful and very resourced men, truly are very scared of accountability.  

one of them is basically running a country to the ground, because he just doesn't really want to go to court.  

i am personally experiencing a significant emotional de-stress over time, as the epstein case progresses.  

i am deeply saddened by the loss of virginia.  

and i have no problem affirming that the press and the public owe not just her, but all survivors of those men (and women), and all survivors by extension,  

the power of sunlight that has for so long been so thoroughly denied.  

it is time for the roles to go back to what the truly blinded lady justice would have them be:  

men who sexually violate others *should* be scared. they *should* fear accountability.  

this, unfortunatly, does not fall into a "i shoplifted because my kid was hungry" sort of situation.  

the men who are already at risk, when we talk about the possibility of accountability and transparency, are just men running from what ought to be the natural consequences of rape and sexual violence.  

if you didn't rape, assault, harrass, or violate anyone... why would this scare you?  

fools tell on themselves every day.  

and justice -- justice -- shall forever be pursued.  

