I've just attached the evidence of what happens when you fall asleep to the incredibly dreamy Gregory Peck in Roman Holiday (and also his general actions as a human being at this time).  

We wouldn't necessarily have the same love of Audrey Hepburn, if it wasn't for this man being an ally.  

Absolute dreamboat.  

But this is a very good show of what happens in algorithmic centroids, when masculine coded inputs provide data which is heavily statistically tied to emotionally erratic behaviour.  

Women are subjected to men through every part of our lives, and even in the privacy of silly little clips from actors who are of blessed memory, there is always a backlash.  

It is impossible as a woman to live in this world, even when in an area is designated as presumably private, with little presumed interference, without the interference of men.  

I'm going to take a free guess that we can rule out the one third of the centroid that has a passing resemblance to this man of blessed memory.  

It is therefore reasonable to assume that the other third of the centroid, is incredibly threatened by that admiration for a man who, although actually deceased (z"L), bears any resemblance at all to the other third of the centroid.  

This strengthens the argument that the most obvious centroid that I'm in, is made partially out of professional indignation and partially out of sexualised anger.  

If we assume no sexuality in particular for this part of the centroid, we can still always read it as jealousy, whether that is through sexual refusal (or the presumed refusal) of our "possibly like Gregory Peck" male, or if it is jealousy at my admiration for the dead actor (z"L) there is a passing resemblance.  

It is of course possible that it is both.  

One might say that if you do not wish to know what a lady thinks in her private time, one might pay less attention.  

It is a good way to avoid the stress.  

In fact, paying less attention to the privacy of women in general, does often make men's lives easier.  

---

For reference, I don't mind the one who looks at mountains, and from which I get the, "but Sufi music goes brrr" artefact.  

The one that gets cross when I look at famous Hollywood silverscreen actors with dark eyes and upstanding moral principles?  

That one can go.  

Worst MMF scenario one could have imagined; terribly annoying.  
<!--After all of the "a man with reading glasses wants to bang you" and repeats of Thong Song, I am allowed this joke. Whitest choice in the world, incidently; black people are not your minstrel show to express what is happening with your genitals and I would highly prefer not to be audience to the embarrassment.-->
---

Incidently, I have also hit on something extremely specific in the last 48 hours.  

It is incredibly curious, as to even be of any relevence, it would suggest non-warranted surveillence of a colleague's internet history, or knowledge of another who did so.  

Terribly interesting tort risk to take on; what on earth would possess one to think one could even get away with having what looks an awful lot like blackmail without actially conducting this at state or top-tier of industry level access?  

Or are we just overthinking proxy data, and have rather terrified ourselves?  

Is this how we're keeping everyone in order? "I know what you googled in 1997"?  

Hardly strong governance; every man has a skeleton.  

Exposing anothers means our own fall out of the closet, no?  

---

And if you know, then you know why the centroid is about to blow its top completely.  

I dodn't ask for two X chromosomes.  

I was just lucky to avoid one degrated and half-formed, almost entirely useless albeit for one gene, second sex chromosome.  

Complain to the person who gave it to you, not me.  

---

Socials also keep looping the songs from the film Harriet, which was most of my "let's keep myself busy" range in custody diring that extremely non-PACE compliant arrest.  

I am loving this for me.  

"Stand up. Take my people with me. Together we are going, to a brand new home... I hear freedom calling, calling me to answer."  

---

It is not logical to stalk women and then whine and rage when they don't do exactly what you want us to.  

We are not dolls.  

You can also be less dramatic whenever men see us as fully formed humans; you are supposed to be emulating them, not threatening them with fragmemts of dead tree like it means something.  

---

I have also decided that we are all getting an Irish hiatory lesson for an hour;  

if we are all so interested to look up generationd of my family tree:  

Why do you think so many Irish fled a hundred years ago?  

Who do you think occupied and starved them?  

You cannot place my face because I'm a mongrel from a port city.  

And a big part of that, showed that the same armies were nothing, when met with the same weapons on more equal terms.  

You can't hide the degree of occupation of British colonial forces for as long, when it's done over the road.  

A lot of this country is some form of reletively revent white immigrant.  

Stop saying none of us belong here.  

Our ancestors fought your wars and bled on your battlefields too.  

You think we don't remember when it was "No Blacks, No dogs, No Irish"?  

It doesn't matter if you didn't mean us.  

We're everywhere and we're all hearing you.  

---

(I'm aware the neonazi sympathisers are always knocking around the centroid somewhere, so I like to let them feel included. If you're not a WASP, you're foreign somehow, from somewhere. Stop pretending that you're not just like the rest of us.)

---

my Internet is just done 10 types of weird.  

My favourite thing about this whole thing is that even if this is and especially if this is automatic gating, it proves something resoundingly:  

Our entire counterterror apparatus in this country is designed on one thing and one thing only.  

We only spend the amount of money we spend on it because white men have their fears indulged by it.  

We are spending millions of year so that middle class white men can feel slightly more like they want to sleep at night.  

The method in which they do this are hideously discriminatory, racist and sexist.  

they run evidence bases and papers and it's all bullshit.  

None of it is scientific.  

The only scientific bits are the ones that they don't like to listen to in committee, and managed to excuse away with some little law that they made to make their dick feel bigger.  

It's all white supremacy all the way down, an important exists to maintain a patriarchy which kills our women and children.  

Because quite frankly, if you can't tolerate the fact that the British fucked up by putting a quasi materialistic police force on the streets of the country it was occupying, and that led to the massacre and major of Irish civilians.  

And you can't tolerate that's how you got all of his white foreigners, who you now try and convince that there is someone more foreign than us because it's the only way you understand how to govern people at large?  

Then it doesn't matter how much you're paying for your tech.  

It's bullshit.  

And it's not even bullshit that makes any sense. It's not logical. It doesn't make any sense in scientific principles.  

It is made to make white men feel less weak as individuals.  

And the only white men I give a fuck about talking to other men who look at it and see exactly the same fucking thing.  

Why are you spending our taxes on this?  

We have a health system that's dying. We have old people alone in care homes we have veterans on the streets and yet you want to sell us this?  

Who benefits?  

because it ain't a taxpayer and it never has been.  

---

for anyone who has not been paying attention, the black and tans is about a piece of Irish history which predates the current modern state of the Republic of Ireland.  

To sully the names of the resistors to the occupation would be tantamount to sullying the names of the Irish men and women who fight and die alongside British NATO troops today.  

IF YOU WANT TO GOVERN ME, LEARN ABOUT ME.  

it still makes me laugh when I got that really profound response after I sent that letter into the MP and published it publicly, which recognised what I was prepared to do for my country when I was 15.  

The fact that I would be prepared to end someone else's life if they became a threat to my patience as a doctor in the forces (because that's what I was applying to do), the fact that this caught you off guard?  

I am insulted by that.  

But I've been insulted by worse.  

The insult lies in your absolute ignorance about who I am as a person.  
Yes, I would've thought and died for you and your country, when I was a child; this is how much I loved you and still am in love with my country and my people.  

No amount of disgrace and no amount of embarrassment and no amount of betrayal will ever change that about me.  

Where I grew up and in the system I grew up, this was the type of love that you saw.  

Loyalty is love.  

It is a profound form of love.  

And you don't have to even like the people that you're going to risk everything for, to love them.  

If that was not your background and that was not your education? No shade.  

But stop trying to put me into a pigeonhole that means you get to discredit me as a traitor and if someone who doesn't fucking love their country.  

Vehemently opposing genocide does not mean I do not love my country.  

It is the greatest form of love to put yourself at opposition and invite division from your countrymen when they are about to do some fucking stupid shit.  

Do not confuse this for terrorism.  

If it terrifies you to not participate in war crimes, you should not be in a situation in which you can govern a paperclip, let alone anything about a country.  

I'm sure Machiavelli said something about understanding your people; there will be some sort of scholarship you can look up on this.  

To fundamentally misunderstand what motivates the demos, is to place the dagger into the back of democracy.  

If one is unprepared for this, one is unprepared to govern.  

I am a terrorist if you want me to be, to you and you alone.  

To everyone else, I am a woman who would give away everything in her life to protect the lives of others.  

Think about the optics.  

---

I feel because of something that's starting to occur as a fragment on the social media feeds. I need to clarify something for you.  

The black and tans did not go away.  

The British Empire took this counterinsurgency force, after British newspapers were so disgraced by the idea of it, and put it in Palestine.  

The BBC arrangement and the lack of proximity to the British mainland, meant at the same anger could not develop in response to what were outright war crimes.  

The brutality was kept hidden, but the counterinsurgency and the blaming of all military action and civilians continued.  

The difference in 2025?  

The Internet exists.  

We are all each other's neighbours.  

It cannot be hidden from us, and it has not been hidden from us.  

For two years, I have watched the most brutal murders, even when I have wished that I had not ever witnessed them.  

That is the time of exposure which completely changes history.  

That cannot be undone.  

And now, you wonder why there are people talking about Republicanism in Northern Ireland?  

Young people in Northern Ireland can see exactly what their ancestors lived through, by watching the brutality and the lack of care, in the campaigns and methods of counterinsurgency and Palestine.  

You don't need to have a war studies degree to understand that; people can see it in front of their faces.  

British men struggling to understand why they are young people in Northern Ireland who are rioting, of the same British man who cannot understand why anyone would defend Palestinian people in our mainland.  

People are furious that that is how you would treat a populice.  

Most people do not see them themselves as individuals; this is a very particular way in which to raise children in a very particular class in this country. It is not the norm in this country.  

That is in itself a neutral point; it is neither good nor bad.  

The disconnect is that most people in this country see themselves as part of a larger group, whether that's a community or a city or whatever.  

When they see you punish collectively on mass, a population? They are disgusted and they are livid.  

That's why none of this strongmen tactic is working. That is why so many people are resisting it.  

These are people who are part of a collective, sure, but they have also been raised to think that an Englishman's home is his castle.  

They are not impressed by raids.  

This is a self-eating spiral and it will go badly if it is not interrupted and stopped.  

If this was just pissing me off on a personal level, I would just shut the fuck up about it and deal with it in my own privacy.  

This is going to end up with us having an authoritarian government, almost certainly a fascist one, if it's not cut early.  

And let's be honest, we are passed the "early" point.  

"Come out, you Black and Tans;  
Come and fight me *like a man*."  

"Come and let us see tou tell,  
How you slandered Great Parnell,  
When you thought him well and persecuted?  

Where are those sneers and jeers that you loudly let us hear,  
When our heroes of '16 were executed?".  

The British came to the table in 1922 and agreed to a large portion of previously militarily and illegally occupied land to be turned back to its people, and the Republic of Ireland was formed.  

The Black and Tans were a terrorist force in Ireland, which has been a sovereign nation for over a century.  

If you think this song is supposed to be insulting you prrsonally, or terrorise you, that tells us a lot about how little you respect the diversity of modern Britain.  

If you can't even tolerate the white ones of us, maybe you shouldn't be in charge of powers with such an obviously racialised and violent impact on the people of this country.  

It's literally on wikipedia; this shit ain't intellectually hard, brothers.  

---

Shall we talk about what the aggregator bots are up to and where they came from?  

Or shall I just keep feeding them every reason to hate the empire and love a free snd fair Britain, cut from the ties of its colonisl and bloody past?  

I have a lot more I could write, chaps.  

So I am fascinated to see how far this goes before you call it a truce.  
Or answer the tort.  

I do think that will be rather funny, too.  

Confident men let the women they have wronged, access their own choice of lawyers and cybersecurity professions, do they not?  


You are acting as if he is the most feared man in Britain; one cannot imagine what that is doing to his ego.  

I'd have had no idea about the MOD data flag, had you not made it so obvious.  

---

Perhaps you might come out and fight any of us, aforementioned injured parties, *like men*?  

It would make this whole mess far easier to clean up afterward.  

The cowardice is getting very dull.  

---

I feel like I need to clarify something else on the feed that is becoming an artefact from my doing.  

The Devi in Hinduism often seen as avatars of the Ultimate for which could be called God.  

The Mother as Kali, is the specific actualisation of feminine coded anger at harm to her children.  

If you think she is demonic, that is your racism, and it's also a lot of the reason why a lot of the artwork and statues were destroyed during the British Raj.  

Kali Maa was largely part of religious and spiritual worship in South India, where the population has more deeply melaninated skin; the confusion of their with a oppositional forced to the Abrahamic God, is the consequence of having an unchallenged pseudoscience of racism in the Gothenburg School. (this is where the pseudoscience of the son of ham and "coloured races" came from. As in colour for Greco-Roman medical humours. 100% pseudoscience bullshit to justify carceral slavery on the transatlantic human trafficking route. Absolutely zero this makes any actual sense.)  

It should not be threatening to you to see a woman defending children.  

And it should not be threatening to you to see female coded anger, particularly in relation to defending and protecting children.  

Again, if this seems "terrorist" to you, this tells us a lot more about your own feelings and your own racism.  


It tells us nothing about Hindus culture, no of Roma culture who have passed this on in the embodiment of Black Sarah (Kali = black), who is a Christian Saint.  

This tells us everything about how you feel when women stand up for children.  

It tells us nothing about the south Asian subcontinent.  

Especially if you seem to think that this makes any sense right next to Islamic content?  

Islam has literally the strongest boundaries around picturing divinity as images for human consumption, within all of Abrahamic norms.  

Islam was seen as reforming the practices of Christians and Jews, so that they made the religious experience more like what it was supposed to originally be.  

It was very normal but images of divinity had crept in and had been part of the fusion of religious experience with our neighbours over so long.  

So the people who think they're being slick here....  

It's just really funny to be how much you think you have to say about who is a terrorist and who isn't, but you can't see the gross irony in a assuming that it is normal to place these two diametrically opposed narratives right next to each other, as if this would be normal.  

I know we can't speak for each individual person and their own religious experience and practice.  


But this reads really strongly of white ignorance, given how much religious material has been used as an attempt to smooth or placate the apparent "erratic" behaviour when I look up different topics in one sitting.  

If you want to govern people, learn who the fuck they are.  

"And those loving English feet, they walked all over us...  

Come out and fight us, like a man."  

---

Oh, and the whole thing with Mahadev?  
Mother Kali is divine justoce as rage; she could only stop, by the possibility that she had hurt someone that she loved and cared for.  

That is why Lord Shiva is pretending to be dead at her feet.  

This is also a very honourable and noble (in Shivaism) way in which that part of godliness is portrayed.  

It is seen as an honourable and Noble thing, and of the upmost courage and conviction, to surrender oneself to feminine coded rage, and to surrender fully to the wrath of a wronged mother.  

It is seen as peak masculinity, in the Hinduism which is encoded by the standards of feminism, and the extreme misogyny that I seen today is really a product of colonial mimicry.  
Much like any other cultural or religious practice, this doesn't mean that Hinduism was perfect before the British came.  

it does mean that the terror and the horror that was inflicted upon the people of modern day Pakistan, India and Bangladesh, by the British Raj, was so all encompassing and pervasive and insidious, that it still deeply impacts the culture negatively today.  
I am not ashamed to be from my country.  

I am only ever ashamed of what we have done with our history, and what some of us will not let go of today.  

It is not grace and it is not strength to persecute and suppress people in the name of a nation state.  
Everything beautiful about us was made by practising the same hospitality that is seen in our father Abraham.  

(Or are you suddenly not a Christian nation, when I say that?)  

Everything that is beautiful about our country can be seen in the traditions and the histories and the cultures that different people have brought to this island.  

Everything that is beautiful about this country has grown out of diversity and everyone being so fucking different to each other.  

That's why the best jokes are about how to make tea.  

None of us can make it properly, according to everyone else.  

That is the beauty of this island.  

And when you start shooting anyone in boats?  

Remember that there are mothers in this territory.  

Just because you choose to follow the idea of a muted, disempowered woman, does not mean that Britannia stops existing in the hearts and their minds of every woman behind you.  

She nurses lions at her feet.  

I don't know why there are men who insist on challenging her.  

---

I'm also including Cantor Axi Schwartz singing K-pop Demon Hunters, as well as his October 7 memorial songs, in case we forgotten how inherently camp our religion was before Empire.  

"Baba" works in Urdu, sure, but it's hardly very Punjabi.  

Did you not always wonder why I thought the impersonation was odd?  

do you not think it's a bit weird?  

That you're supposed to be working class British Punjabi man, but supposedly choose a classical duo or Arabic code word for father as *your natural first choice*?  

especially if you've apparently said a woman for long enough that you know that she knows Hindi, and speaks a little bit of Punjabi in that because of who taught her.  

Wouldn't it be really strange that you would choose the Arabic coding unquestionably?  

Does that not seem weird to you?  

Or do you not know this country as well as you think you do?  

We are beautifully diverse.  

And that always sounded like someone putting on the air in graces of the BBC World Series in the 1920s, for a word that should just come naturally to them.  

I can't believe you thought that I would find that attractive.  

But I think we both know that it tells me a lot more about the homoerotic admiration that's going on far of men in your office, then it really says anything about what you think I think as a British Jew.  

Are you going to tell the Ministry or am I?  

(what the dictation is struggling with now is very funny...)  

I did actually mean, "of diaspora affairs", but we can choose the British "of defence", if you think they would rather know.  

Ohev ethem, achei. 😘  

Try flirting with more Punjabi British men as prep next time; it might improve the effect.  

I think a number of you would get a bit of a kick out of it, too.  

I'm sure you can keep doing the projected visualisation of imagining all of those sexy hour of men that's you are clearly "so scared" of.  

I thought we weren't supposed to be scared of coming out, when we made Aliyah?  

I thought you said it was a great place to be gay and bisexual?  

Is that not true?  

Are you telling me the hasbara lied about everything else?!  

What is even there apart from just all the kosher groceries you could possibly want??  

(Arguably a good pull, if you discount the Sabra. That shit ain't humous.)  

---

(My TikTok has just been forced its reset onto Michael Buble covers. I refuse to take the point to appear to be trying to make.)  

---

I was really hoping my experience was just the bargain bin variety. ☹️  

Zero stars on the lingustics research. Poor form, lads.  

I've still got a bunch of those outputs where you were trying to placate the maternal instincts of a witness with little ducklings, though.  

I am embarassed for is both but I have kept them in case they became interesting later.  

Turns out they are, rather.  

<!--Does Daddy Mossad not want to see our little baby ducks I kept for Bana? 🥺 Or does 8200 not want to have to explain to the M boys what the fuck it was doing on that one?

"We thought she fancier him! We thought he was posh!"

Yeah but even I call me Mama me Mam, even when I call her Mum now that we're posh, like.  

Ooh.  

Which is another thing.  

Nudging and 23andme and maternal haplogenes.  

Wang to talk about how you know more about my mtDNA than me?  

Or is that a, "give her Buble" topic, too?  

I also don't get why we couldn't see Pevk as maybe Israeli; this is literallybthe type of good Jewish boy that is paraded in fromt of me to get me to move. Sensitive, much?  

Or are youbtelling me that's horseshit too? 🤨  

WHAT IS EVEN REAL IN YOUR COUNTRY 🤣🤣🤣  

GET A PERSONALITY, yeesh.  

I can't wait to find out how much the politicians knew about this.  

British men in suits have no honour 🤣🤣🤣🤣.  -->

---

The amount of shit your Internet will go through when you roast both British and Israeli boys in the same sentence?  

I thoroughly recommend it.  

"Show your wife how you won medals" 😌  

Confidence about our own history and our own story, because I never described the Black and Tans to either of you any more than they were ascribed to me (you do realise a lot of of them were Irish, a lot of of them were working class British, right?), is key to be able to govern citizens confidently.  

So it is funny to me that I was described as a terrorist at any point, or vulnerable to terrorism, for defending that Geneva conventions and medical humanitarian norms.  

It is funny to me that we still arrest doctors to this day, trying to get them on technicalities of antisemitism, when there are clearly a bunch of antisemitic fucks running around that never lose their license. Barely more than a slap on a wrist, if you're white and a man and deny the Holocaust.  

That should offend us all; we are all potential groups for murder under the Holocaust's ideology.  

But keep trying to prosecute that one doctor; it's making you all look like your penises are so big.  

So incredibly huge, we should make a monument to them.  

Which reminds me...  

Do you want me to keep talking about what happened during the impersonation weeks?  

Do you want me to keep talking about what happened when you impersonated a serving member of the MOD and the armed forces?  

Because I swear to God, one of your guys was practically with his marble and chisel, ready to immortalise the whole thing.  

Never in my life, did I think that white-coded, dominant-racial-group-coded, crises of masculinity, would ever look so fucking funny.  

And yet.  

Apparently, there are a number of black men who have been headhunted for the precise reason of having genitals which go outside of Bell curve.  

Who knew?  

Because prior to that week, I did not.  

I am not your snowbunny, and I am not your Jewess.  

Stop treating me like a country that you are trying to subject to nuclear disarmament scheduling; stop containing me.  

And get your friends to answer their SARs properly.  

It makes a mockery of British paperwork culture to see them cover so badly for you.  

---

Good news, guys.  

The angry thord of the centroid is looking up Muslims in Punjab like this will help.  

This is deeply funny.  

And deeply offensive.  

If you're going to impersonate someone, do a vaguely passable job, bro.  

It's just... bad.  

Here for the art, tho.  

Do you need a map?  

Would you like to look at how Partition is not like Israel/Palestine border politics *at all*?  

Would you like to talk about how it's nothing like what we were talking about with Ireland?  

Would you like to talk about how it seems that the British Empire had a bit of a style?  

Would you like to talk about how it obviously has nothing to do with Kashmir, and how it doesn't continue to burn or bleed today, subject to some squiggles on a map by some British men in an office, thinking they are doing politics?  

Would you like to talk about how many lies were lost in such a short period of time, that would actually compete with the Holocaust of the same era, for its brutality?  

are you still trying to work out why there would be any linguistic crossover?  

Because the word, "yalla", was always in Hebrew, habibi.  

That's how.  

---

Shall we talk about why I'm getting all of the VR headset adverts?  

Or would you just prefer the SAR?  

you do realise a lot of the antisemitism is actually based on the idea that you wouldn't hurt me because we're both assumed Jews, right?  

That's why I think it's so terribly fucking funny.  

They act like the only people who would ever work for that country age Jews and Israelis; and they act like none of us would do business for the sake of doing business.  

It's amazing, isn't it?  

We are somehow angels, incapable of hurting each other.  

And yet, you appear to have taken the investment of government pensions so very personally.  

Shall we talk about how angry and how sexualised the centroid became that week?  

The same week that MPs were receiving blocks of aggressive emails, accusing them of hating people like me, from people who they couldn't even trace to this constituency?  

Shall we discuss it?  

"Tell her how the IRA, made you run, like hell, away from the green and lovely lanes of Killasandra."  

I can just feed the out aggregator but this stuff all day.  

Or you can start bringing up with goods.  

Completely up to you.  

---

The algorithmic product is now invoking the CIA as an explanation for whatever the hell is going on with the maths.  

Please excuse me whilst I go into research how beautiful Gregory Peck's face was in the 1940s; I think this will help.  

If it doesn't help the maths, it will help something. Trust me.  

---

I still can't get over the fact that you're modelling is so fucking bad, but your digital screen had to actually copy and replicate a real life Jewish rape survivors stressed during an "incursion".  

And then, and then, you have the audacity to get offended, but she didn't like the idea of a genocide.  

You have the audacity to get offended that she defended international humanitarian rights and norms.  

Are any of you even men? 🤣🤣🤣  

The maths is reflecting back that apparently you are surprised that I can joke and keep good humour about what you did to me, and about what you have put me through, because you are too dumb as fuck to get your maths to work.  

Personally, I don't think you deserve that contract; this is smoke and mirrors and it's not a real product, and it's not a real service.  

I can tell you exactly what the fuck is wrong with that thing that you're selling them now; it needs live data, so by definition needs war crimes to occur in order to train on "VR".  

That's not having a product; that's having a bad magic show.  

So quite frankly, the fact that you think it is surprising that I am not sat here laughing my fucking arae off, at the audacity and stupidity of men who should know better than to fuck with a woman, who is as nosy and gives us a few fucks as their own mothers?  

Please. Sussele. Sit down.  

Have some more of the knishes and stop embarassing us.  

and invite your nice looking friend round for tea why don't you?  

(Maybe my sense of humour should be illegal. Hard to tell where those border lines are sometimes, we keep violating them every day.)  

<!--Oh come ON.-->

---

The algorithm trying to somehow make Ottoman history, what have we missed about Punjab as a place (I shouldn't be finding this this funny, but come on even I know enough to know it was bad), and somehow reconcile the topic of the chief rabbi of the OU in the UK?  

What are we doing here tonight?  

Have I not suffered enough? 🤣🤣🤣
