I'm just recording before I forget to do it and whilst it's fresh in my mind that the surveillance interference has been really significant today there's been lots of activity that looks like pulse like notifications  i'm just recording before I forget to do it and whilst it's fresh in my mind that the surveillance interference has been really significant today there's been lots of activity that looks like pulse like notifications lots of dropping telecommunications calls. lots of just dropping telephone calls decreased quality quality sounding disproportionately bad for the area it is in and for the weather.

The generative I am using now is not following the rules that I have created specifically because it works for that, so this is going to leave a significant part of the archive in a partially constructed condition, as I was trying to make it more accessible when people are looking for things. This is essentially interrupting ordinary governance and editing of a pending project  . This is essentially interrupting ordinary governance and editing of a pending project,, and it comes after. This comes after what looks like a share to a larger group yesterday from traffic analytics.  

something that is a little interesting to me is that what seems to have really caused depreciation in service and in value, and which has led to apparent Internet outages despite not moving despite being in the city centre despite having good signal is that I've started to go through quite simple points about student encampment policing  

This is really interrupting in the ability to put it down on paper in a way that's legally okay whilst I'm still waiting for such a time that I can actually go to the legal profession  

I came to this point after doing some reverse engineering with stakeholder influence mapping and power mapping, to try and get to the bottom of who was likely or where was likely the bottleneck currently.  

It's really difficult to discount. This is a potential significant impact factor. It is also the case that the way that prevent and safeguarding systems mesh, it is possible just to keep flagging somebody every week say, and that accumulates and marks them as more threatening, despite no real change.  

it's also fairly clear that anyone around me within my contact network it's having some nudging around this, particularly from the University I'm from, where they were potentially data subjects at some point, or they potentially have some crossover in terms of shared WAN through local NHS.  

I think on many levels, I'm just really sick and tired of having to explain myself again and again to people who ultimately should be able to help me. Every version of what I say is not good enough. so it really does get to a point of if I ask too little I'm told him TV if I ask too much I'm told I'm asking for too much if I ask for something really broad in order to give someone room I'm told that that request is two owners if I ask for something really specific I'm told them you miss using it if I ask for something that is close to the subject including my own data I'm told that that's illegal all that it's needed for law enforcement if I ask something more broadly I'm questioned as to what I even want .  

Please explain to me, someone, how it would be that this is not direct weaponisation of the legal profession as a social title and the law as a cudgel?! the law doesn't exist so that you get what you want; the law exists, or is supposed to exist, to protect us all.  

I'm really tired with being questioned and essentially having an insinuated that I'm doing something wrong, when I've had significant interference in my life for two years. And when we pair this down to very very simple terms, I have been punished for remaining, and I say this without apology, Jewish as fuck, during incredibly difficult circumstances.  

I have refused despite obvious reasons that it may be advantageous to at least "ease off a bit", to stop saying that killing people is wrong, that sexual violence towards others is wrong, and no amount of trauma or pain or suffering towards oneself entitled want to see that in one's perpetrators (or assumed perpetrators). before this is misinterpreted, I'm not saying that I disagree or oppose anyone's right to stop violence by violent means, but what I'm saying is that if someone hit you first it doesn't make it fundamentally inevitable that you have to hit them back harder. It's very difficult to be happy for the ceasefire as a wider event, although I absolutely want and support any Palestinian expression of any emotion at all about this, because it's their suffering and they get to dictate how they feel as survivors, I cannot honestly say that as a western person I necessarily feel like this is the Nobel peace prize winning moment that the media seems to want it to be. I'm very sceptical of essentially a profession that was largely silent at a time of genocide and of a time of significant lobbying for it to portray this is a simple win. I think the portrayals within the media are very racist and I think they're very imperialist. A lot of what is being portrayed is very devaluing to the people who have gone through an incredibly difficult period of time on top of a siege which has lasted so long. To be able to celebrate aid being able to enter the garden strip when there is still a huge apartheid wall which has been declared illegal by the ICJ (I don't feel like I need to honour your feelings and call it an advisory opinion for clarity, but there you go, technically I wrote it), on top of an occupation that's been assessed as illegal, and to which the genocidal process currently under review is not yet stopped... it seems like the height of Western arrogance to say that everything is over now.  

I think people think they can just skip out of this without having any impacts but the reality is is that we will be paying for this as a country who has had at least some dealing with not appalling our obligations under the genocide conventions, for years to come. I really have to ask who's decision is it and who is lobbying for this within the UK because to the UK taxpayer? Doing genocide or being complicit in genocide or not upholding international treaties around genocide, is literally mortgage in our future. This cost so much even just in cold capitalist terms; I think we really have to ask who benefits here, by which I mean which specific individual people regardless of their religious or cultural background are actually responsible, because I certainly saw a lot of people who were supposed to be white Christian and uninvolved be very very interested in having Israeli Jews murder Palestinians, and very very interested in stoking and fermenting hatred at home whilst deepening the divide between relevant UK communities , who ultimately could support each other, should there be arise in alt right violence, Christofascism, and white supremacist ethnonationalisms.  

i'll say what I usually say and that is to say that I'm not absolving everybody who's Jewish from complicity by what I'm about to say, but as a Jewish woman who often fields questions and comments about this, I do think it's really necessary for us to start looking around at the usual suspects for taking money away from social care provision and for enacting exclusionry policies, and look at who benefited.  

Before anybody gets on their big high horse about me being a crazy leftist, I am incredibly agnostic when it comes to getting everybody on having the behaviours which I just easily described as being part of the alt right. A defining feature of the alt right is that it is not really right wing anymore, but it is closer to what we imagine right wing to be than what we imagine left wing to be.  

I have never felt more united with people across the spectrum of politics than the current moment, because in the last few years I really feel like I'm having to choose who to stand united with on the basis of simple things like whether we all believe that the law should be applied equally to humans, or whether we need to make a decision about totalitarianism and the leaning and slippery slope towards it, and these are not left or right issues. These are just people issues. I'm starting to collect people who I would never have imagined in a million years I would've agreed with, including people who have said some very shitty things about people like me, because apparently the bar is in hell, and it is incredibly difficult for a lot of people to say that genocide is always bad.  

Theres your rant; I think I found the root point of my experience of silencing and freedom of expressions breach. yoy.  

(the fire emoji is representative of what the rest did to my life, for saying "hey the lentil curry is good and very unantisemitic actually".

2025-10-15  
