i honestly don't know how to interpret whatever the algorithm is currently trying to spit out as interpersponal advice, but:  

- if this is institutional cya:  
  - stop complaining. i'm gem stream; what did anyone expect?   
- if this is picking up on individuals paired to my data:  
  - stop complaining. i'm stem; what did anyone expect?  

i'm also very aware that i didn't do final skim through for some nodes i just dropped and it's an open question if they actually represent what i put in and what the middle has mangled.  
my kidneys hurt but i'll get on it.  
yes i am now horrendously paranoid about what the middle did. 😭😭😭 oh well. kidneys win.  

it's also very possible that what the algorithm is picking up is the inevitable result of what happened to me data and really doesn't change anything material.  
potentially it's just registering two emotions in data chatter.  

given what and who i've been paired with, this actually is fairly likely.  

academia is an interesting place.  
<!--shall we talk about a specific line in that statement? is that how we have called this "national security"? did you all intend to take the piss, or was that a happy accident?-->  
because i don't want to yuck anyone's yum,  

but that reads as a description of an identifiable person, given the narrative generated by the severe escalation in harrassment in june and july this year,  

and it doesn't sound like the way someone would describe themselves,  

so this feels like *defamation*.  

so maybe don't do it.  

you are spending a lot of time making "fetch" happen.  

---

well.  

i think doubling down on defamation with the romance trope with some bare drift probably just answered that conundrum.  
<!--give it 5 mins and we'll have the return if the 20ft monument to the gora's greatest fear. 🙄-->
like idk man maybe they can get lawyers. 🤷‍♀️  


---

OH NO I GET IT NOW.  

yeah i really think you guys should disentangle this data cluster.  

the longer we are here the more a genuine data systems issue is reading a lot like your deliberate undermining of a soecific person at this end.  

if this is genuinely just a bit of data-smushing soitying back, "idk man, mire than one person of the opposite sex has opinions about you and it's reading as high emotionality to me"?  

take us all out of the research set, please?  

it's going to produce more snd more submissions for evidence and let's be real, we're all going to end up in some sort of legal discussion about whatever this is.  

i canmt fond safety in healthcare until you sort the porosity, so you do need to fix this.  

also:  

tell me what you would do, if you'd become less mobile, and were stuck in "pending", unable to talk to many people at all lest it triggers real world harms, for months on end?  

oh and btw your eyes dint work properly; reading is limited resource.  
in fact visual media as a whole? poof.  
physical exercise? only if you want to risk not being able to pee for 12 hours.  

...you'd survive just fine, right?  

because that's what the inaction is saying.  

that actually you'd gamdle that fine.  

without anything online.  

...right?  

---

2025-11-01  
