chatGPT just replaced the anthropic deal at the Pentagon, which now means the same service which is being used to process criminal justice cases in the UK, allows the commission of war crimes by automating murder in the United States and participating in mass surveillance of their population. Systems like this don't completely separate, so the same system which is going to decide whether or not people get specific sentencing outcomes here, is learning from the commission of human rights violations in another country.  

One of the most obvious ways this is going to be a problem, is that say if I decided that all Martians should be arrested in the United States, any Martians who are in the UK would end up facing more filing at a higher rate and more brutally, than any amount of training I would do in the UK to try and override that.  

It's like we've installed the next apartheid system update to our version of the saas.  

[Oracle is also at the table, fantastic, gotta love those new labour ties.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRam7BLt/)  

---

[at this point I just think the labour cabinet cannot possibly be doing this for any other reason than to deliberately get the greens elected.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaya1p/)  

I'm sorry, but if this is solely about Trident, the Americans can fuck off we can maintain it ourselves. as long as it's working, they can't fuck with us. I don't understand why we're doing this.  

What could possibly be so damaging that Benjamin Netanyahu could know or have access to, that would undermine the cabinet this badly?  

I mean a one level I'm fascinated, but then another level I just I'm finding this hard to understand politically.  

Then give it a year and people will be whining about refugees from Iran, even after we just bombed the place.  

We all the baddies. We are not the good guys here. Why did we do this?  

[The definition of us having spoken about identifying ourselves as a Christian country in the past, was used to justify why things like Amnesty International came out of the UK. This is not a radical view to take.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaSFDX/) I'm so done with this illegal wars shit. I know we haven't had exactly the best history in the world, but you think that we were on a course to at least trying, but it's just becoming clearer and clearer that we've never stopped.  

I'm not ashamed to be British, but I am ashamed of what a lot of people do in the name of Britain. I'm ashamed of whoever the fuck decides that illegal conflict is "British interests". Nah, mate. It's not British interests, because all we do is pay for it, it's the interest of whoever is moving hot money around in London. It's the interest of whoever makes money from making bombs. It's disgusting how many pension providers will stick bomb making money into peoples pensions. The arms industry only exists when suffering is maximised. It's necrocapitalism. The amount of money that British people have to pay so that you can all go and do a illegal wars, completely outstrips any return that is made from a tiny amount of bomb money being in their pension.  

And while we are on the subject of the arms industry, this is an industry that utilises disabled people, and disabled the veterans in particular, in order to advance it's research and development whilst actively causing disability and also advancing narratives which undermine human rights and therefore undermine disabled peoples access to any of the research and development outcomes.  

I am so fucking done with this countries obsession with supporting a very small cluster of people who make money out of the arms industry. I am tired of people getting together and calling themselves their friends of Israel, pretending to be all about Jewish people, when what they are doing is making money out of bombs.  

Don't fucking blame me for your stupid shit.  

I'm so done with this. I don't want to hear more goyishe politicians bang on about how they're protecting Jewish people, or about how someone with lots of oil represents a threat to Jewish people; kindly take me out of your dirty mouths.  

If you need to say, "Jewish people except Chloe Birney", fine. Do that. Don't involve me.  

[Just send Blair and Bush to the Hague, it'll make everything so much easier.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaahWJN/)  

Or unredact the Epstein files, just so we can check.  

[What the fuck does "growing signs" of someone's death even fucking mean.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaY6Gx/)  

No one has the economy for this, this is historically done to rescue a market for investors at a high-level only, it only ends up exploiting the 99% even more every single time this is done.  

It's like you will want to people in your own countries to kick off. 🤦‍♀️

[A really good way of increasing terrorism in this country is to bomb other countries.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaPe7R/)  

I know it just sounds like I'm annoyed and cynical, but what this really looks like to me is that there is an industry or a group which is under pressure and this is lashing out before the end.  

Just give it a rest.  

[This is the mood, of people who have previously voted labour.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaayY4F/) Labour has just had evidence that it can lose a safe seat. The election wasn't close. This feels like when Rishi Sunak was announcing a general election in the rain, but the Kier Starmer edition comes with announcing that we're going to participate in an illegal war, I guess that would be the Blairite continuum.  

[It's not just the UK. This is not just a British phenomenon. We are all very tired of neoliberalism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaamc9k/)  

The pattern of events and the timing of what the government is doing in general not just in respect to this, highly suggest that there is something that the British people do not know from the Epstein files which is being willingly held back, and you can all tell us it's about national security but it does seem like it's at the sort of level where we are following countries into illegal wars. This does suggest the British people do have a right to know.  

We are also not officially at war time because this has not been announced to parliament. We went officially at war time in iron swords, and yet many sections of government conducted themselves as if we were. Something that would be helpful that the labour government could do is to clarify to the house whether or not we are technically in war time.  

[If the rest is politics is not on your side, then I think we can say that it's probably not a centrist move to be "supporting" (whatever the fuck that actually means) the US and Israel at this time.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaYKET/)  

That speech by Cindy Sheehan is on loop in my head, the one she gave us just before she goes down to Crawford to try to confront George Bush, because, "my son died for this - I don't owe you anything".  

[The FT gives a very decent middle of the road British politics reading list for Iran.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaaaLRk/)  

I'm going to add that you may wish to stick a few extra books by Iranian voices in there, to add further context, but I'm glad that we can see some inclusion coming into the middle of UK politics.  

If we really are bothered about counterterrorism and immigration, we do need to start understanding why some people might not think Britain is perfect in every single way in regards to dealings abroad.  

*That* Tony Benn speech is also doing the rounds again.  

On every BBC news item, the comment section is full of asking why we are doing this when the cost-of-living is unbearable for the majority of the British people living in this country.  
If people go hungry, they get angry.  

The British establishment is sleepwalking into a dangerous place.  

You know, some day we will look at this and see that every time we made any progress on the terms of anti-fascism, less than 24 hours later something else read it's ugly head.  

Whatever this hydra is, we are all clearly quite tired of it.  

[Here is an explanation as to why what is lucrative.](https://www.tiktok.com/@seizethemeansshirts/video/7611961568263228702)  

I'm aware of many British Jews do get invited to these friends of Israel groups, and I'm not necessarily saying that new person you don't have good intentions, but what I do need you to start asking is how much are you being used as an excuse and a token, and by whom?  

Where our liberation in this democracy depends on our participation in military action, it is not liberation.  
It is conditional freedom.  

This is a practice which replicates the European history of using someone as a "court Jew"; without commenting on the complexity of actually holding that role, we can all agree that it is not a compliment by those in power, to treat us as an accessory and as a permission slip.  

We must be able to be treated as fully human fully participant in the democracy, even if not a single one of us was involved in anything to do with any foreign policy abroad. We currently lack evidence that that is possible in the UK.  

That is the real antisemitism; we were granted emancipation a long time ago, it is time to see that it is enforceable in its fullest, without strings attached.  

We must conscientiously object being used as an excuse.

---

Speaking of giving it a rest, I think the algorithmic placement on socials, is reacting to the UK government as some sort of crazy ex. I usually find this funnier, but I'm actually getting sick of it yapping on about how I'm being cheated on lied to and how "I have grown so much as a person since they last knew me"... maybe the data was just wrong. Maybe the records were not correct. Maybe people just can't have good GDPR compliance.  

whoever I'm attached to in government, please note that I am essentially receiving constant content around the discussion of the false allegation narrative as a tool to undermine survivors, and I'm sure you can all understand why this might make me want to punch a wall on a regular basis.  

---

Regarding the Parliamentary fallout of these airstrikes, which I hope I will be seeing on Monday, with respect to, "You have sat too long here for any good you have been doing. Depart, I say, and let us have done with you. In the name of God, go", and if this makes Starmer the Chamberlain and Badenoch the Churchill, does that make Ed Davy the Leo Amery?  

I'm trying to work out how this will work.  

(Whilst I know reform UK are basically gagging to be able to say this, this is not your job. It will only land if it comes from one of the traditional parties on that side of the house, and it needs to be done from a party and a person that's not too far from the supposed centre. I wouldn't actually be too reverse to you actually being more useful than you are; don't worry, I am considering the matter.)  

I can think of a sensible choice, but I'm not going to spoil it.  

On the business of deeply missing the days when you orders used to insult each other and much more entertaining fashion (it's basically Coronation Street for people to have a shorter attention span, like me), I am curious where a particular talking point regarding Badenoch comes from. Every political circle is going to be gossipy, but it's something that's quite communications flavoured within the labour party, this idea not Banock only ever digs at Starmer and that's all she ever does. Respectfully, no leader of the opposition is going to be able to fillibuster personalised insults on a Wednesday as the key opposition to PMQ, because they'll just be chucked out by the speaker. The reason it feels communications or PR in nature, is because it works for how media was being released during a certain period, where typically what would happen is that you'd get one good insult in, as is the way of things, and I wonder how much it was just being said as a line to be a response to the press if anything was highlighted from what Badenoch said. I think what we're saying is practices that haven't morphed overtime, and I've stayed as being repetitive not just in the labour party but in British politics and more widely within the media landscape. I don't want to point to Mandelson is the one person who ever influences this, because if the rest of the environment was not toxic, he would not have succeeded. Arguably, people frequently become even more expressive in the performance of their worst behaviours when they are in a position where they feel threatened or where it is clear that there is scarcity in the model. Also, just.. Rupert Murdoch is standing right there.  

there is part of me that enjoys this culture, but it's also worth noting that when Cameron came in and made it into essentially "how much can I fuck people up in debate club", he was very good at silencing people and shutting people up with comebacks, but over the course of the time it became tiring because quite often it was evading real discussion or real scrutiny.  

I feel like Westminster has never heard the phrase, "less is more"; this is generally how it works.  

There is just additionally the fact that because you were all paid to be in that role, and because you've been elected by your communities, there is a general expectation of the public as a whole that you are in a social contract with them. this can always be work out quite negatively where things that aren't your fault get blamed on you, but often what the general public appears to be doing a lot of is complaining about the same handful of issues that are deeply affecting them, and the fact that no one is really advancing it starts to make them blame larger groups or the system as a whole.  

This is what gives rise to populism.  

If what you want is to not be kicked out by new parties, adaptation to the fact to get a lot of people in this country have been living in conditions that you would not accept for 24 hours, but they have been doing it for 10 or 15 years now, most days if not all days, is required immediately.  

Last time I checked he could tax people more if they earned more money, so even the idea of keeping wages though because your business interest may appreciate that in the short term, seems strange to me even to a conservative party, for example.  

Hot take, but I do believe that if a figure like Margaret Thatcher came back from the dead today, she was so very committed to a very specific social system and ideology, that I don't think she would be leaving People in the current position, simply because she often made choices which were based on cost benefit analysis.  

Seeing as you've all had a bit of a moment with this crack cocaine business, Margaret Thatcher actually did a very good thing when she was Prime Minister for disenfranchised areas in the very specific policy recommendation that came out of needle swaps.  

You're going to have to fact check the details of this in case I'm remembering it in completely or slightly incorrectly, but essentially there are more than just one or two diseases that you can spread using reused needles for when people are using intravenous drugs as a routine because their body depends on them. HIV is obviously a very devastating diagnosis, but for example, diseases like hepatitis B can kill you within the first 48 hours. Hepatitis C is also an incredibly complex chronic infection to manage; the reason that we have dedicated teams in part, is because these infections can become a multisystems failure issue, in addition to the fact that there are often complex social circumstances going on for the person who is seeing the healthcare service for the infectious disease portion of what's going on, and because this all impacts so heavily into their health, it's why that service provision has been justified and made in the past. A similar example is when you come back home from a surgery, you actually do better statistically if you are able to come back to a heated home with food in the fridge, social provision is a really important part of improving healthcare outcomes.  

Margaret Thatcher, despite being associated with social conservatism and despite being thought of as a particularly right wing figure, was in the business of approving needle exchanges because they clearly gave so much more of the financial benefit to the state then they costed the state, even if that was not immediate.  

For clarity, I specifically come from areas which would devastated by the Thatcher years. I'm not trying to rescue her image. What I am trying to say, is that we often point to figures like this and think that we just need to be as cruel as possible or strict as possible, but what was actually being done there when you look at it, would not have extended out to the level of exploitation that we've seen in the last 30 years of political governance as a whole.  

This is why I can't take a lot of people seriously when they claim to be going to the centre where they claimed to be right wing, but choose things which in practice cost the state more money.  

That she had a very extreme ideology in terms of state economy and this structure of how that should be run, and whilst I disagree with her vision wholeheartedly, I can still see the times where she obviously was able to make a complex judgement. That's the bit that I just don't see anymore.  

There are a number of decisions in the last 30 years or so, which shall defy any sort of rationale when it comes to an established political ideology or any sort of cost benefit decision making. This is what under lies the idea that's many people have, which is that most political parties are seeking to extract money either for their own benefit or the benefit of people enclose contact with them from the state. The degree of dissolution is so significant that it is genuinely starting to split elections.  

For this reason, when we see things like the reports that came out recently about recommending further legislation to cover fraud and these came from independent body, not being taken forward, this recent to many people that there is a vested interest and adequate incentivisation, that trust cannot be placed within the traditional parties. I appreciate that you will pay taxes too, but the public are paying taxes and only getting to essentially vote on your PDR once every few years. They can't see you from office without significant non-violent resistance or without the escalation of tactics which would include violent forms of resistance.  

(Again, reminding all our sensitive souls that I am just pointing out the fact that the violent resistance exists in the practice of politics across the span of time and place; I am not planning to go and meet you all, I cannot be bothered.)  

This is all to say that lobbying or risk portfolio management breed short-termism, on the British public can see the complications that they are living with and they have to live through and survive, even if they don't fully understand particular mechanisms of it all they don't necessarily know exactly what the cause is. It is more protective to the elite to accept their losses and start making accommodations. If the 1% still does not want to make any accommodations or is not prepared to, there is a very real risk of the public escalating. I would be grateful at this time that the very worst that's happening is that a party you may not like is getting elected.  

I'm on the side of "I don't trust any of you with a revolution"; I am simply interpreting how close we are to even the smallest little thing lighting up in a way that we don't want it to. Given that the alt right is trying to have a coup every fucking two minutes, and they generally increase these actions as the weather gets better, we do need to deescalate the entire scenario.  

I'm going to flag up that April has some days that they like to use in particular, and if counterterrorism, leasing, and central government can't get their collective shit together to at least manage that from an intimidation point of view... I will be even lacrosse about being used as the justification to go in bombs in school girls in Iran.  

May their memories be a blessing.  

---

[I haven't fact checked this yet but she usually does do it herself to a good standard, and whilst I would only be quite happy that the wing of Zion is coming somewhere where the ICC warrant might stand a chance of being fulfilled, Germany has like at least three genocides that it doesn't want to talk about so you know that they ain't gonna be arresting him. That, and a significant amount of the EU/fund, is tied up in Israel as legal construct as a very strange type of financial asset.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRamqUN1/)  

That's actually worth a conversation for another day, but there is a significant sovereign fund (I mean it just looks like you'd call it an irregularity on paper?) issue that directly ties EU emergency funding and Israel emergency funding, and most people don't even know that that is the case.  

Trust me, when I saw the project of, "use Jewish knowledge to diverse the state of Israel whilst it is doing genocide", I approach an incredibly Jewish way. (ie some combination of anankastic tendencies and subclinical autism)  

Define what I mean, you need to start thinking about what the slush funds which exist for the apartheid state, for that deregulated market which props up a very specific class of western billionaires regardless of their background or identifies as, you need to start thinking of where the fuck that slush fund is. And what it's getting called when it's at home; find it's Sunday name, and you've found the money. Gets very interesting when you look at who's holding it, and how much they use Jewish people in the home territory to deflect from their own financial responsibilities under the conventions to prevent genocide and respect to the Palestinian people.  

This is being done primarily to protect a deregulated market which protects the 1% specifically, it does not protect the fast major majority of Jewish people, in exactly the same way that it does not protect the vast majority of people generally.  

We are not generally any richer than you because we're Jewish. But if you want to follow the money, it is there and I think you'll be interested to see how many not very Jewish white people are sitting on it, telling you that they need to make all their decisions on behalf of Jewish security, whilst not declaring their financial interests or career interests in this to the Jewish people that they rely on to use as a rhetorical shield for their actions.  

Of course I'm not bitter, I will just be listening to the song "six million Germans" as a bit of *stress relief*.  

+/- some of Zeyde's debut album - it's 😘👌

---

["world War Epstein" is exactly the right phrase, and it is exactly why we should not be having this war.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRammeF3/)  

this would also inflate the ego of that man far too much, and I just want to cover for any eventualities where his ghost or spirit is somehow potentially sentient or aware, I would really like us to end this shit right now cause I would hate to be taking on anything that he would approve of and perpetuate into the current century.  

[Professor Gallagher breaks down the doctrine of permanent security which is used by some regimes, with example examples from the states in question.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRam5YrP/)  

---

[I am personally okay with all of the authoritarian men shifting a little uncomfortably in their seats.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRauRXe9/)  

I might be more than okay, but that's just personal taste.  

Take this opportunity to point out that I don't necessarily favour the idea of assassination or murder, it's just that I can understand how that position escalates to being a reality; in my experience, it is far more cathartic to see the fuckers take the stand.  

I don't judge any survivor for not wishing to be an eyeline view, but I will say that that was one of the only experiences that really meant anything about the trial in 2022. You get to let them in the fucking face while you tell the jury what fucking dickhead they are, simply by stating facts. nothing can get back what you've lost, but that does feel pretty good. Absolutely worth the flashback that I had to take time out of court for. 100% worth it. That's why I will chase to the end of the Earth whoever has leaked the data; I will not rest until they take a similar stand.  

I don't care if it's a ring of powerful man, because that will just make it all the sweeter when I have to watch them all try and hide from me, or try to pretend that I'm the insane one when they've got the handcuffs on their side of the dock.  

If you used it in the policy space or R&D, and you're genuinely not coming forward to the government now, what can I say? You're choosing your own adventure. (I just want it to be known that I was as quite a nice dungeon master, and I only went further if I had it clear consent from the whole group. Apparently, I could get quite dark in those situations; this is why we check in regularly. (I am actually genuinely talking about TTRPGs.)  

---

"Now, would vengence put upon the shelf, be taken out on someone else?  
Well, be careful how you read this tale, lest your own prejudice prevail.  
For look around the world today,  
And consider the role of vengeance plays.  
History has its unpaid debts,  
And is it better if we forget?"  

---
