[As we reflect on moments like this, I'd like to talk about how this moment can really be maximised.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmfj9Y2/)  

On a very pragmatic level, this was an example of accidentally using a trope or a dogwhistle to refer to Jewish people in a dehumanising way. (I'm willing to accept the good faith interpretation, in context of the first apology, in this case.) This would've been such a good time to teach on two things and therefore extend it through, to teach about prevention of genocide more widely. Genocides have transferable patterns from one incident or event to another. Dehumanising language is something that was used frequently at the very beginning of Operation Iron Swords, and only started to be brought out of the Western Anglophone spotlight, once it was quite clear that that wasn't going to win friends in the West. Moments like this or moments where, especially in places where we get to more control over conversations, we can talk about why it's hurtful still now to reference Jewish people with dehumanising tropes, why dog whistles are dangerous, and at the same time, educate on current genocide and the current situation of Palestinians, and talk about some extremely similar tropes which are being used towards Palestinians. So we can do the job of starting to break the cycle of violence, also educating about previous violence as well.  

---

I am also considering writing something longer probably on Substack, although they don't know if I might just have to accept that I'm gonna do quite a rough version 1st to get it out.  

This will be, to be fair, as synthesis of what I've already written here and already written on LinkedIn before now.  

I feel like we really need to reiterate at this time what's actually the normal background Zionism of people in the UK in general, and talk about how that fits in with Jewish community, because something that I see a lot is the assumption that this is just for us, but the UK is heavily Zionist, and a lot of Jewish people are not any more Zionist than white people in general, but we get picked up more frequently, including by other white people, because it's assumed that we would want something because it seems like a good idea to get free land  , and a lot of Jewish people are not any more Zionist than white people in general, but we get picked up more frequently, including by other white people, because it's assumed that we would want something because it seems like a good idea to get free land. A lot of Jewish people aren't actually thinking about it like this. It is however, very natural to pick up frequent references in prayers to Israel as a name, and when you get told so often that this is what you should want, you tend to not question it. It's not this similar to a significant cultural ship that we see in young men, where the apparent thing that they're attracted to is largely dictated to them by media, and it's often only once they hit their 30s or 40s that they suddenly realise, "oh actually, I like something completely different to this".  

It's really important for that reason, if you don't have someone in the Jewish community who is loudly putting themselves forward in a very certain position, not to make too many assumptions. There are some things that we can say is broad strokes, because there are places where you're more likely to pick up Zionism as a philosophy, compared to some places where you're more likely to pick up Palestinian solidarity.  

Amy Winehouse is a really good example of this, blessed be her memory greatest among nations.  

Amy Winehouse was a fucking shit hot singer, she was incredibly talented, she was intelligent, she was smart, and she bonded with people. She was very likable as a person, and ultimately that does leave you somewhat more vulnerable when there may be substance issues or mental health alongside. That said, Amy Winehouse was also in a very strange and difficult and precarious position, that would only necessarily be something that anti-Zionist Jews who were very established as anti-Zionist may have even picked up at the time.  

Amy Winehouse was in a place where she was both connected to Jewish community and also on the music scene, which tends to be where you find sentiment which goes against British imperialism. very specifically, she was on the end, and would've just had more exposure to more radical politics.  

Amy Winehouse deteriorated significantly during at least one incursion. We don't have to talk about the different reasons that that may have been, to understand that even if that had just been through random chance, that puts Jewish women in a very vulnerable position especially when they are being listened to, which Amy was.  

People couldn't say what they want about these women in the industry that they vilify, but Amy Winehouse was listened to, and she gave really good interviews. She always came across as a very genuine, very nice person. Here's a secret: I didn't know about my Jewish DNA them, and I don't look like Amy Winehouse does, so I just didn't have that assumption that she was representing me so much as she was an amazing artist in her own right as a British woman.  

It's really difficult to look at that as a British Jew and not feel nervous about the correlations, and it's worth noting that the intergenerational trauma that is present in our community puts us on high alert for that. It's things like that and sit in the background, which appear to not be very connected to each other to anyone else, that mean that it is very scary for British juice to speak out, but also it makes them feel a lot more attached to the philosophical concept of having somewhere safe to go, where they will be looked after as a normal feature of the population. I think this is very important to note, that Jews are not actually the ethnic majority in the area of historical Palestine, and there is constant migration over the period of time the status is active, in order to bolster that Jewish ethnic population. (I am framing Jewish is being one ethnicity here, because that is the terms of reference the state of Israel users, although in terms of ethnicity obviously we are very varied, and so from a western perspective it would be more of a "racialised grouping" that the state of Israel is actually referring to.)  

Amy Winehouse's challenges with mental health don't necessarily have to have anything to do with what was going on in Palestine (I don't think it's fair to speak on behalf of someone who can't say what they would think, with absolutes), in order for Jewish people to pick up these trends and internalise them, and not be able to describe why they fully feel safer on a certain side or a certain level of a scale on an argument.  

The British state is like everyone's worst ex sometimes, and the British state weaponises incompetence; the British state has either been complicit in this framing of Jewish life, or it has been so ignorant as to not realise that Jewish people go through this, and in doing so it has been part of what has kept the Jewish community at a reasonable level of Zionism that they will not vehemently meaningfully oppose the Likud government en masse.  

I am tired of being told that British interests, and involve this degree of coertion, at scale, of people I care about.  

---

<!--I'm also just gonna be very honest, I don't know why the door knocking in the morning wake up start is happening again, I don't know why I'm getting more third parties being nudges, unless the source of this is feeling very underinformed.  

Are you having fun? We can have more fun now because I know your hard limits are, and I know who/what sort of exposure you're actually scared of.  

Go do a proper job and get an ambassador, or let me have a lawyer.  

[Bro. Sheffield. *Sheffield?* I'd complain.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmyw7QJ/)  

I also love how much of a political deadweight has landed for you, but the Prime Minister has been seen that the Parliamentary Iftar, and that they've done it in Westminster Hall. You do realise we could have a menorah if you let this happen and didn't complain like a bunch of little bitches about it?!  

Oh yeah, by the way, I'm sure it's probably very obvious to everyone who is in attendance as he needs to know, but they are very interested to know exactly who got invited, and exactly who attended. If they fuck with you over the next few weeks, I am very sorry I'm behalf of my /wonderful/ brothers and sisters. you might want to tell the white people, because that does seem to be who they're trying to pick out in particular. We wouldn't want any of that solidarity shit happening, would we? 🤦‍♀️  

I hope we used Palestinian-grown, Palestinians-own-the-profit dates.  

If you really want to piss off Likud, do it.  

I don't know why there's so much observation and attention to every single event that Sadiq Khan is going to, in the last few days, but that's also a thing. I don't know why we're doing this watch party. We seem to be particularly interested in anyone who's speaking to or connections around him. Bear in mind this is the same lot who go on social media to look at protester videos and pick everybody out, and there's been so much dashing, particularly during the fall right counter protests, as a result of this. I don't know what their current obsession is, but they are very heavily interested in the London Mayor rn.  

I've reported this so many times, and I'm not getting substantive responses, so here is the information if you want or need it.  

I don't wanna be really flipping about that, and I appreciate that the risk that must be posed at all times to a job like that anyway, especially to someone who gets rationalise and targeted on the basis of that, but they're literally is no point in someone like me trying to negotiate with counterterrorism police, to even do this "say it say it sort it" whatever. Counterterrorism police do not exist to protect or listen to dissident Jews: they are so deeply in-bed with the look government, or feel so deeply threatened by them legally in the UK (I suspect this probably has a lot to do with it), that they only exist to police people like me, not to take a seriously and certainly not to protect us or anyone around us. There is absolutely no point to me raising a concern. I've had really scary mental health intervention since, I have already tried so many times to each other parts of government. The state apparatus is not built to protect people who are Jewish, unless the Israeli governmemt approves of us. But G-d don't call that what it is, because no one can see the logic, they are all so heavily indoctrinated.  

Something that I see a lot of white people who aren't Jewish do, in terms of mistaken assumptions, is to think that the government of Israel will always support us and always act in our best interests; the Zionist argument for political aliyah is heavily supported if Jews are unsafe in the diaspora, especially if physically or fatal unsafe. It therefore becomes incentivise, especially if you have juice speaking out against the Israeli government, to make those Jews feel physically threatened and physically unsafe. If there's dovetails with other intelligence targets, then that works for them even better. The importance of a social network is known and understood by people whose main specialism is in maintaining an illegal military occupation; they do know exactly what they're doing, in terms of population control, and how that affects wider social networks. It must be deeply frustrating to have to interact with a legal situation where you can't just arbitrary arrest people. Authoritarian governments will always find hooks, and if they can't find your hooks, they will make some.  

If the men encounter terrorism would like to try and understand this, because I am going to assume on some level that this might just be ignorance, the Israeli government acts towards diaspora Jews like a coercive controlling partner with malignant narcissism acts towards their partner, and if you are good and behave yourself, you get better treatment, and in terms of the goyim around you, they will actually like that horrible terrible ex will: they'll be absolutely fucking lovely, or completely reasonable. This will always make you look like the insane one, if you complain about your abuser.  

It might actually be worth talking to colleagues who specialise in cohesive control, because it's often very misunderstood, and it's often in the case that the person who is being abused in the relationship will suffer for many years, and may at points retaliate out of defence or frustration.  

I'm not actually the first Jew against genocide or against this regime who has used this as a way to explain it to people; Norman Finkelstein is a professor who specialises in political science, is internationally known, and whose parents were in both of Warsaw uprising as well as in the concentration camps. He has compared the Israeli governments actions towards Palestinians as being like an abusive relationship, and this was part of his reason that he didn't feel like condemning Hamas for Al-Aqsa Flood was appropriate.  

They treat you nicely, so that they can maintain the degree of control they have over us. When you talk to men who are post conviction for domestic abuse, a lot of of them will say that they did what they did, because they knew that it worked, because they knew it was effective, because it got them what they wanted.  
Treating us like this and treating you the way that they treat you, all of that is a way of effectively getting their political aims met. They genuinely believe in the Zionist project to the point at which they will enact tactics like the Hannibal protocol, which accepts a controlled mass murder of Jewish people in order to preserve the state as a whole and advanced the state, even when the state is not under immediate risk, so why would they not be kind of shitty to us, whilst sweet talking you?  

That entire way of thinking comes from a deep set fear, and unresolved learned violence not just from the holocaust, but actually from Europe far before that. I say this to let you understand where it comes from, not to say that any of it is acceptable. It is condemnable in this day in age to behave like this.  

By leaving us in this position, you leave British shoes in a place where we are dealing with the worlds most abusive ex, with a internationally known cyber security industry and military force, and you take their side repeatedly, even when we can evidence our concerns.  

If you want to know why we find interaction with policing difficult, or why we speak so strongly against counterterrorism policy, I would like you to consider the circumstances.  

I am currently being shown lots of footage of Sadiq Khan at the most random events possible, because I'm so closely tired in Medidata to them, and I literally can't really raise it any other way but to put it publicly online, because of who's doing the watching. I am doing this in the context of already having reported in impersonations which would've destroyed the careers of Muslim men encounter terrorism, and if you think that for a second they wouldn't take out a white Englishman if it was useful for them, you are ridiculous.  

Apart from the fact that they are currently in a genocide where they are clumping everyone together into groups, it is also just far more useful to them to take out Muslim men. They would take you out in a heartbeat it served their purposes. They're not operating on the same logic you are.  

-->

---

[The US Senate has failed to curtail Trump's war powers, although the vote is closer than one might have expected.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmfAnbS/)  

Divest everything.  

Democratic actions are never just limited to a single vote, and this vote is close enough that it is very possible for democratic pressure to be mounted on this issue.  

Much as we look at the Kraken as a matter of containment, and is a way of containing large forces, and we look at this idea of multisystems resistance to aberrant power, the pressure in order to flip the switch and stop the war machine on the inside of the United States, is going to come not just from them but from the countries which sent closely to them.  

All democratic action matters, but the more targeted and the more organised, the better. The movement is a very useful set out plan for diverse and boycotting, and it targets major majority American companies, because it is targeting in its majority, American companies which use Israel as a place to human rights launder. It's not doing this because Israel is Israel, so much as it's doing it because Israel has a heavily regulated economy, and the nature of the apart of the occupation grants research and development for nasty products, as well as being able to pay a workforce significantly less than is fair for the labour. It doesn't matter that it's Jewish, what matters is that the disparity exists.  
Pulling out of big Tech products, or where it is not possible to pull out, raising any sort of transparency or legal challenge, increases the pressure on some of the biggest stakeholders you are able to make a difference if their profit is affected or if their business is affected.  

The language that we need to speak is money and power; none of this if he needs to be done in terms of what we might feel is violence, because the most violent thing possible to a billionaire is to touch his numbers.  

---

[OH MY GOSH they are too cute!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmfuHDG/)  

There is an importance in showing people as full people, and it's something we don't do a lot in the Me in the UK.  

Whilst there is a time in a place to use the old-fashioned way in which we look at people from other countries, where we evoke Strong emotions in the general leadership or audience, there is also a real need to show people as full humans.  

By doing so, we prevent genocide for the future; this may seem like a very small thing, but someone who is only ever to be pity is someone that we will dehumanise in our own heads, but someone who, whilst in difficulty, is still experiencing joy, is still experiencing hope, is still experiencing the human emotions and events that make our lives human? it is very difficult for our brains to dehumanise them in the same way.  

This is why you will see so much resistance from the Israeli government to showing moments like this. Their entire strategy, as an administration, relies on their support in dehumanisation, to further advance genocide.  

This is also a transferable skill moment, for when we look at people in our own country, let's say a disabled person, if we only ever see them through the lens of pity but never see them as a full human, we dehumanise them and we allow ourselves to degrade society, by treating them as something less than human. When we see disabled people as people, capable of joy, capable of happiness, capable of creativity, capable of expression, then we humanise them in our own heads, we vaccinate ourselves against dehumanisation, and we protected the entire population from genocide just that little more.  

If you want to look at this as a Christian country, and I often feel that the figure of Christ is so well known that this is a useful reference point in the West, something that is very notable about that character is that Jesus is capable and is shown to be capable of profound humanisation and profound empathy, at times being shown to literally be able to feel someone's pain even when they touch his garments. If you want to be able to be that vulnerable, and to have the strength of heart to tolerate that degree of openness to other people, because it is hard and it can be very painful, these are the small ways that we start to take the steps in that direction in order to humanise people around us, and people who come across in stories and the narrative. We don't have to suddenly become alike to deity, but taking these small steps pushes it further, and protects us from another Holocaust as much as it answers this call that people have that they refer to what they want as being a Christian country, but is likely to do with feeling in community again and feeling human again and being able to feel more secure in their environment.  

---

[Oh. Is this why the watch party is upset?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmPJxw9/)  

You run off with the Americans, are you expect us to still have your dinner waiting and ready when you come back?  

---

["Ethnic cleansing will never make Israelis feel safe."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmPFXXk/)  

Sometimes I get misunderstood as being against people, instead of against politics or against the government; it is however really important to say that in order for Jewish people to feel safe in the world as it is being shifted, it is going to feel like an uncomfortable loss of power, in that we cannot continue to repress another community or another population, with what we want is to feel safe.  

It is not possible to both embody that glee aggression, under the same time be able to be safe; deescalation is our only way forward, and I don't know what someone else else's territorial lines look like, because I'm British - I'm not Palestinian, I'm not Israeli. The only thing that will advance is really security at this moment is deescalation of violence in respect to an occupation which is considered illegal under international law. At this stage, this is likely to mean that it needs to be entirely broken. Bringing an end to arbitrary human rights abuses, does not disenfranchise Jews.  

If the Jewish community feel uncomfortable with the general idea of surrendering support, a very obvious starting point would be to release every single Palestinian prisoner with medical skills, as most of them have been arbitrarily arrested and detained over the course of time, primarily because they are doctors and primarily because this is a genocide. In history, they targeted our doctors first, too. If we want to start unwinding what is happening, we can start by advocating with the strength of the lions that we are supposed to be, for Palestinian presidents who are arbitrarily detained to be released, with particular focus on the medical profession, the essential workers, the key workers, the breadwinners of the family.  

Your feelings are vulnerability and fear, I would ask that you trust in the same Greatness that somehow got us through; I cannot promise this will be a comfortable journey, it's going to be really fucking uncomfortable, but we will survive this.  

---

[That's who can get Trump to do whatever he wants, because that's yeah he probably knows what's in the Epstein files. It really is that simple with Donald Trump. Netanyahu is more deeply influenced by the goading that is done by the US administration around Trump, who believe in a holy war. They want to take back the ancient Persian empire make it white.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm5yABc/)  

I really wish I was joking.  

The only reason I know about this is because I have to deal with the type of anti-Jewish shit that they say, which is way worse than just using the occasional Arabic word that someone may not personally like.  

The Israeli government thinks that can control the Americans, and the Americans think that they can utilise the Israeli government. The outcome of that is something that they are prepared to wait on until they cease power and land, not just in Iran but across the Gulf.  

These people are literally doing, "we need Lebensraum for the white people, because the Bible says so".  

That, and a bit of oil, which is going absolutely terribly for them to the extent that you could look at this whole thing and think, "wow... if I was Vladimir Putin and they said somehow had any influence from me, I would be so stoked with myself right now". My ego would be huge.  

---

[This would've been so much better with Socratic questioning.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm5hP8E/)  

When people have views that we consider to be a horrent or very strange, one of the worst things we can do, in terms of making them double down, is to talk to them like this. A far more interesting thing is to question them to bring out more of the belief, but also to test the boundaries of the logic.  

One of the questions I would've asked this man is why he felt it was more complicated than that.  

I imagine I would probably find out that he was subjected as a citizen to so much confusing information at that time, that he genuinely did not know for sure whether the number of people murdered was accurate or whether or not it was put forward as a propaganda story.  

That would be a far more interesting conversation, and it would be far better for democracy in general, but also if my goal is to convince him that I was right, it's far more likely to get somewhere.  

---

[I always find speculation like this to be kind of interesting and not itself, because once you say that cities in the UK could be hit with a nuclear weapon, aren't we just accepting that the entire UK can be hit with a nuclear weapon?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm5k8un/)  

I don't know about you, but I don't really have a plan for a nuclear bomb hits.  

I'm disabled enough that there isn't really a way for me to evacuate unless it was very clear and also provided, because I can barely move around the house.  

This was something that I thought a lot about when it was the first forced displacement orders given to Palestinian people in Gaza. It turns out that many disabled people in Gaza did the same thing that many disabled people in the UK would do: accept that it's not possible, and stay at home.  

I don't mean this in a way, it's just the reality that we live in. It's also what makes all your talk about benefits and cutting down disability payment seems so ridiculous, because we're so socially demobilise as it is, but it really just feels like people not as are choosing in which particular way they're going to torture us, rather than anything that actually means anything to a normal human being.  

On the plus side, you never know, science-fiction might be true and I might grow another leg. 🤭🤭🤭  

It also already speaks to a failure of people in the UK to fully appreciate what the nuclear fallout was like in Japan, or even in Ukraine.  

These are devastating attacks, and the particular way in which people people suffer is absolutely horrific.  
Part of the reason that we have Trident rather and rather than admitting to any active nuclear weapon, is in part because that was how horrendous it was.  

The fact that we are now in the world where men in positions of power, who arguably should be tried in court for things that they're avoiding accountability for, throwing around all these ideas about nuclear weapons, most of the mass majority of the people in their countries i'm struggling with grocery bills, is absolutely wild.  

Your anger is only mollified because the Internet is one of the greatest psychological weapons ever invented, and it became co-opted by people with extremist beliefs.  

---

[Whilst on some level this just pisses me off because Mothin is a pretty sound guy, this is also quite a good example of how the things that are said by white people in Parliament can really significantly increase the personal threat level, to individual individuals who don't have the same privileges.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm5EdUm/)  

Firstly, this is the Hero of Harehills. Show some respect.  

This also means that the alt right already have it in for him, and in addition to that he is a very visibly Muslim brown man, with a beard, being politically engaged.  

The risk to him, and political meet leaders make statements that just simply aren't true about his beliefs, especially when that appears to be anti-British, is far more significant than it would be if we were talking about a white guy.  

This is probably the most useful piece of equality training that could be done on a bypass on level for MPs.  
It also makes it a complete laugh of you all talk about the equality act and positive discrimination, as if that's really anything that's tilted anything in favour of anyone racialised in this country.  

I don't need to quote any support in law you about duty of Care, but what I will say is that it is a moral imperative to protect the people of the United Kingdom, and that will include some people who go and mourn with the people who don't know if their family is alive in Iran.  

The labour party needs to be very cautious that when it's attacking the greens, it is not also accidentally showing itself up as being somewhat bigger, if not a little bit fucking ignorant.  

This reads to the general public in a very particular way, because the general public does understand that senior politicians have security details; it isolates a larger segment of the public then you might think.  

---

[Ed Davey knocking it out on traditional British establishment antifascosm. Love to see it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm5wD7a/)  

---

I'm sending out legal notices, and whilst I'm trying to limit these because of the workload, some of you are flying very close to the sun as data custodians.  

Trust me: I, too, cannot be bothered with this many emails.  

---

[Turns out the British public would rather have a better standard of living, than fascism. Who knew. 🙄](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmaubuW/)  

I wonder why the greens did so well at that by-election it is such a mystery 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️  

---

[Does he know that wars still impact supply lines, regardless of any involvememt or lack of involvement?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRma2AJb/)  

Why do you think wheatabix got so expensive over the Russian invasion?  

---

[Have you noticed how many people who have been to war, are prepared to question the wisdom of escalation, by those who have not?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmaQJoK/)  

[Do you trust men who cannot get their stories straight, to put your children at risk?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRma4dWk/)  


---

[A conservative polling estimate shpws almost 2/3rds of the US electorate disapprove of the current Presidency.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmuJVQw/)  

Divest him.  

Release the files he fears.  

Strip him of awards.  

---

Le sigh.  

The degree to whoch a certain level of, "I am issuing a legal notice" changes the cascade is depressing; you are eternally punished for being polite in this country, or for stating honest urgency, and awarded for going in procedurally hard.  


And then we're here like, "why is everyone acting like such dicks?" 🤣🤣🤣  

I also love how blaringly obvious certain partnerships are, which we're all saying we have legal secrecy mechanism on.  

We don't, guys. 🤣🤣🤣  

You can see them from a mile off, functionally, so I find it a little funny that we're all pretending that they're extremely secret.  

When you have sensitive partnerships, it isn't enough to just wrap them up in secrecy law, because if it's that obvious to me, it's that obvious to a threat actor.  

And the very exploitable data bridge nexus, is looking very obvious right now.  

---

[I still *really* can't understand how this 40k thing wasn't vetted through for a raincheck before it went out.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmxPaoG/)  

We are seeing people call and will bring up issues which show exactly where the cracks are in policy and where the cracks are in legislation and infrastructure, which show how people are getting stuck in systems and unable to progress out.  

I'm aware that there's a large lobby around this issue, I am aware of what can seem sensible on paper, but doesn't really translate to the real world.  

They're really depressing thing is that if someone was able to go in on that specific issue, there's almost certainly an emergency fund somewhere, it's just very possible that she doesn't qualify under her area's specific scheme.  

Something that always made me laugh in one of Wanda Sykes' shows was a skit she does where she's asking, why we need a department of homeland security, what we need is a department of personal shoppers, and she essentially describes people of lived experience of poverty or of crisis, actively imvolved in decision-making problem-solving around procurement.  

I appreciate this this has gone on decades, but a lot of the British state is essentially set up now to extract money out of the system, at the expense of the taxpayer, and I don't think anyone can afford it anymore.  

---

[Who has "Shahed-like" drones? How alike is "like"?](https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/breaking-cyprus-raf-base-akrotiri-36817529)  

"Aircraft of comparable role, configuration, and era [Thank you aviation nerds on wiki]:  
AeroVironment Switchblade – (United States)  
Garpiya – (Russia)  
IAI Harop – (Israel)  
IAI Harpy – (Israel)  
Samad (UAV) – (Yemen)  
WB Electronics Warmate – (Poland)  
NCSIST Chien Hsiang – (Taiwan)  
ZALA Lancet – (Russia)"  

Whilst there is a country of manufacturer only, stating that it didn't come from Iran, but then it managed to hit on Cyprus, it's not exactly... reassuring.  

It means the answer is really fucking awkward.  

The only people with means of deployment in that area, with a similar drone, are all supposed to be in allegiance treaties with us.  


The Gulf hosts the US, the only fleet that can provide launch are all US, and the state of Israel, as in "not Palestinians, Israeli military", cannot be ruled out.  

If you want what the rationale would be, hitting the tarmac would be a very easy way to scrambled jets, which would push the RAF into action. I remind you that the Hannibal protocol existed for a very long time officially, and probably still existed in 2023.  

You are dealing with a government which is nationalist, it is expansionist, and it believes that might is right, and that sacrifices can be made in order to maintain the nation state as the legal entity that it currently is.  

(Look, if they're willing to endure Israeli deaths which they don't usually, they are definitely willing to chuck "a little firework" at an ally to "give them a kick up the arse". From that point of view, that would be an incredibly fair way to see the "problem". The Israelis have been conducting an incredibly brutal and violent insurgency on behalf of Western powers, as a colonial project, for 75 years. There are specific characters in the military and political leadership, who feel very entitled to bring in Western support for what they see as necessary to the nation state project.)  

If it was the case, this would also explain why the deployment of the Dragon appeared to be slightly delayed, partially because you don't want to reprimand an ally, unless you feel it is necessary.  

We have absolutely no confirmation of where the drone originated from at this current moment in time, it has been found to not be launched from Iran, but we do not have further information.  

The reason that I talk about this is being potential or being possibilities, is because I'm aware how deep the narrative has been the last few years and then over a much longer period, and also as a Jewish person in Britain who has opposed the Israeli estate narrative in a way that they do not appreciate, I am very aware of how they might act if they feel provoked to, if they feel that their state project is threatened.  

I never said if it was threatened, I said if they felt that way. I think there needs to be a broader awareness that the way in which the high ranking military and intelligence and political officials in Israel are looking at this, is very different to how the majority of either is Israeli Jews or diaspora Jews, are looking at this.  

It is also, to be quite frank with you, a very trauma-based mindset to be in, albeit that the anger is extremely displaced, and primarily harms people who are not the root cause. I wouldn't call it trauma-informed, because I think we need to be aware that there is no "wise mind" as far as Israeli senior governance is concerned. "That is soft shit for pussies; we are the New Hebrew, and we don't need to touch or acknowledge our feelings." This is political hypermasculinity. It is not safe and compassionate masculinity. It is not the soul preserve of men. It is what happens when you don't deal with the things that upset you. It is incredibly scary to be soft and vulnerable and fragile, and this is from a place of fear, but it is so angry and it is so vicious, and it believes fully that when it lashes out, it is protecting itself. Boundaries are incredibly important to work here (but I doubt the entire PD team of the NHS really wants to be deployed to face the invisible entity of a state).  

This is extremely difficult when the current US administration is more than happy to go and claim land in a holy war, sacrificing its own servicemen and women.  

Something that this iteration of Israeli government highly values and highly prizes, is how it has embedded its way of thinking into different parts of European political apparatus; there is something tactical or economic that it seeks to assure. This may be something that it sees as necessary for this particular regime, or it may be something that it sees as necessary for the nation state to exist. It's difficult to explain completely by the most visible assets. It's almost as if a significant part of its export market depends on it; if we do have to defend ourselves, the best defence would be to financially sanction.  

I'm writing this in a way that speaks to people who may not be very comfortable with criticising Israel as a state, which is why I'm picking up the point about the government in particular: this is a very Likud project, and if you ask a variety of diaspora Jews, you're not going to get united approval for that project.  
Jewish people in the diaspora primarily want their family to be safe, and currently that particular political project is holding them hostage.  

Look at any Jewish attitude survey of the last few years, and whilst the surveys are all incredibly biased and incredibly leading in their questionnaires, there are some very specific political points if what we need is to have a united opinion on specific elements that we feel are not safe in that political structure.  

But primarily, the diaspora is largely emotionally moved, by the fact that many people have family there, because migration has been so very much encouraged for so many years. If I had family there, I'd currently be terrified. that is the primary vulnerability of the Jewish diaspora which is played on for consent to aggression, but it is also a vulnerability that can be cared for to allow Israelis to mobilise politically.  

---

[The Home Secretary is not the only example of this, but she needs to be allowed to have some fire back.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmxvJBK/)  

Shabana Mahmoud has definitely given it out before, and if we just park this entire conversation about migration for two seconds, I think it's entirely appropriate to say something back to Beth Rigby's question, which is essentially, "does that make you feel angry?", does something that would make most people feel angry.  

The alt right in this country are actually not as big as they appear to be, because a lot of the accounts are bots. A lot of the general public are very frustrated with how the government as a whole functions, but this issue of immigration is very driven by media discourse rather than a genuine deep-seated value system of British people.  

This doesn't have to be in a really angry way per se either, it's completely okay to say that you find the President's remarks. Really disappointing, that you find them childish, that you don't think he's being productive, that you think he's just calling out People because he's upset.  

I don't really know, and I suspected for awhile, that there was something in either the Home Office ecosystem or in the donor ecosystem, that was advising Shabana to be this way.  

It almost feels like she's been pressured to be something that works for a certain type of media narrative, although if this is how she genuinely feels and that's her politics, I obviously don't want to take that away from her. I would obviously disagree horrendously, but I'm open to the fact that that might be her honest beliefs.  

Standing up to a tyrant is not the same as standing up to a stakeholder in this country, and whilst this answer was very appropriate for this country, it will come across as weak and wishy-washy, especially where (for some reason) this tiny-handed tyrant has a small but very vocal following in this country.  

There are quite a few labour politicians who have changed in this way over the last 10 years and it's really disappointing to be honest, because it's really dulled down the shine of some people who were very promising previously.  

I don't mind saying it: I'm not so much angry, as much as this is very anticipated, and the president is being an asshole, because that's what he is. He shouldn't be taking seriously, he is not serious, and no amount of aggression through military means is going to prove to me that he is serious. He can't even be honest when a collective of women who are vulnerable girls are asking for the law to be upheld, because he's such a scaredy-cat. He's a man who feels he needs to show that he can wield a secret police force in order to scare people that he doesn't consider white enough. He's pathetic.  

He is only useful as a prop to laugh at, and even that is becoming quite boring now.  

Crime is at a historic low in both London and in New York, the two big major cities which are both run by brown Muslim men as their Mayors; Donald Trump is so obsessed with Sadiq Khan it is weird. If he wants to ask him out on a date, I don't know if it's gonna be received very well, but he's welcome to try. Put us all out of our misery.  

---
