[Algorithmically, a follow on this page got me Gaza Mutual Aid Fund and New Israel Fund recommended, so it is exsisting at a true bridge point.](https://www.instagram.com/p/DVVu6gYjJKF/?igsh=MTl1ODBjd2MzbTdsYw==)  

Our bridges must be renewed and rewoven, removing rotten and dead wood, as strengthening against the rising tides as the storms are weathered.  

Also, the alt right are triangle heads.  

"Project Esther" was a *very* deliberate, *very* poignant name.  

Chosen by triangle heads, who think down is up, and up is down.  

---

[🇬🇧: "UK accused of collective punishment", due to new visa rules. This is really totally helping our international image (🫠), with the countries that we will need to trade with over the next 50 years, because you are all underestimating the economic powerhouse that the Global South will become.](https://www.instagram.com/p/DVlYjzrjs6b/?img_index=2&igsh=MWE3Ym9wMmVqeDl6OA==)  

---

Always remember when you hear yourself or you hear others use the same talking points about how protest should be polite, or about how protest should have all of these extra limits which make it harder to organise, that protest is remembered by the 1% as a tool to build up to a general strike. Whilst it is incredibly difficult to organise that in the United Kingdom because of the laws that came in after the last general strike, the general strike is what the 1% actually fears. The 1% remembers the violence that it took to resist the general strike, and the 99% should remember how powerful it was.  

We are dealing with complex rhetoric, to essentially prevent the working people in this country taking one day off and saying that we will not move, until we actually get a democratic response. That is what the 1% fears.  

At the route of all of the name calling, at the root of all of the willing misunderstanding, is a fear that the 99% might be able to stand up for itself and negotiate as a collective.  

Even when the terms and conditions are literally bare minimum requests, the idea that the 99% might not be completely controlled by coercion, is incredibly scary to the 1%. At that elite level, people in the 1% become used to an expression of inhumane behaviour that reproduce is a fear that everyone else will be exactly the same. The vast majority of the one 99%, do not behave in the same way of the people in the Epstein network, but when the 1% resist true democracy, they are doing so from a point of view where they believe that we all will behave like that. Bear in mind that sometimes people can be very successful very intelligent very well educated, and still fear paper tigers.  

The loss of control itself is incredibly scary for the 1%. The challenge of control is incredibly scary to the vast majority of people in that group, because often it is their perception that only by violent control have they managed to protect their status in that 1%. This is white peaceful protest, even for something completely reasonable and bare minimum of social contract, like clean water, will always be feared as a potential for the complete loss of control, and behaviour that is similar to what you see and things like the Epstein files. If the 1% really want to come to the table, they can come to it, but we need to redefine the meaning of democracy and democratic action, because we can't keep having normal legitimately means of democracy like protest or like bargaining talked down as if they are violent means and as if they are inherently exploitative of the 1%, when what we are trying to negotiate is against the exploitation of the 99%. The idea of democracy means that the maturity should be able to express their needs and their requirements from the social contract, without being coerced into giving them up, and without being called violent for simply not working for one day.  

If anyone is Jewish and is wondering why Jews always perceived to be anticapitalistic: we always request one day off, and a lot of of us will not negotiate it. We will always be perceived as an enemy of capitalism, regardless of how much we assimilate into it. We will always be given the middleman jobs in a system of exploitation, because we cannot be relied upon to not start an uprising because of our one day off, and telling everybody else that we should all have one day off. We will be stuck with doing the violence of the middle zone, and we will be stuck with being the buffer in the middle zone, as long as capitalism is our dominant economic system. The more capitalism goes into overdrive, the more of that violence will be projected onto us, and then more we will be expected to maintain our violence towards others, as capitalism goes under strain, and producers fascist or fascist-like outputs. We have always been in this incredibly vulnerable position, but the system does depend on us being compliant with it; our descent and our protest will always be interpreted as extreme, because the system is so fragile that we could break it.  

(This is not meaning to exceptional as Jewish placement in a system, but I am aware of a significant portion of my audience probably following me because I'm a very particular Jewish voice online, so sometimes I will speak to you that audience in particular.)  

We will never be allowed to be safe, whilst a particularly exploitative system within capitalism depends on maintaining this tension of non-safety; we are a keystone in the archway for that one deregulated market, and once we remove ourselves from compliance with it, we can fellow system of injustice. We will always be kept in fear and non-safety, in order to keep us in that place, in order to uphold that deregulated market, whilst that deregulated market exists as is. The 1% are incredibly scared that to lose even a small proportion of their wealth and control, would end in terms that they have seen human beings behave at a very specific level of elite power, so they will always keep us exactly where we are no matter what using coerce of methods if necessary until we fully reject it. There will never be "peace", until that deregulated market is no longer there. This is entirely about an economic system for the people who are at the top –  anything else is flourish.  

---

I have some comments about V1_FINAL, particularly in context of what was said prior to its release.  

My gut feeling is that you can see in this document some specific dependencies which we do not have the full information of, which we are going to need the full information of, really in order to trust our current government as it is.  

Whilst I appreciate that the police investigation is ongoing, and some of the material will be withheld on legitimate national security grounds, all this release really did is prompt further the questions. A tranche system can be done well, but unfortunately by doing this just after PMQs on one week, MPS are in a very odd position of being both given time to process, and yet also lacking an opportunity to clarify some fairly important details for a week.  

Whilst this is, I imagine best practice in law, we live in a digital age – a whole week gives a very long time for information warfare to occur.  

The most hopeful interpretation I have of this, is that it gives a whole week for people who may be being monitored, as part of the wider investigation, to be watched for what gives; this is not untenable, but it is sort of using the general public as a lightning rod.  


---

[🇬🇧: "Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax apps showed customers other users' transactions"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c4g23npxpwgo?utm_source=firefox-newtab-en-gb)  

And have any of you ruled out Iran-linked cybersecurity attacks?  

Because Lloyds Group owns all three, and it would be a high-priority target if Iran is going to target Western money.  

[1934 Archive: Lloyds Bank Director to Negotiate New Loans for Palestine Activities](https://www.jta.org/archive/lloyds-bank-director-to-negotiate-new-loans-for-palestine-activities)  

[Barclays, HSBC and Lloyds among UK banks that had links to slavery](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2020/jun/18/barclays-hsbc-and-lloyds-among-uk-banks-that-had-links-to-slavery)  

[Barclays fined £40m over 'reckless' 2008 Qatar deal](https://www.investments.lloydsbank.com/markets-and-commentary/market-news/article/?id=18166038&type=bsm)  

[Qatari prime minister tells David Cameron that the emirate is planning to purchase large stakes in the nationalised banks](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2011/feb/23/qatar-wants-stakes-in-uk-bailed-out-banks)  

The Iranian regieme is anti-imperialist, and specifically against Western imperialism in the region. They perceive Palestinians as being mustazafin, and forces like the US and State of Israel, alongside financiers like Lloyds Group, as being mustakbirin. Furthermore, they view the Gulf monarchies themselves as being at least complicit, if not an inextricable part of that imperialism.  

[But fine: it's just a glitch.](https://industrialcyber.co/critical-infrastructure/iran-linked-cyber-espionage-surges-across-middle-east-as-conflict-tensions-rise-researchers-say/)  

[Nothing to see here.](https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/news/ncsc-advises-uk-organisations-take-action-following-conflict-in-middle-east)  

"Why just this, if they could do more?"  

For the same reason Russia flew just within our airspace every month or so, for years.  

Why go hard when you can wear down, test response, and make a point?  

There is also an argument that, by being very targeted, and by going it at "customer complaint" level, they are being extremely precise, and this will cultivate exactly what they want; they are extremely pointed in their aims.  

Before you point to how I and others may also share some of these ideals: yes, but you, too, share some ideals with them. I'm just explaining the piece you don't see. I would clearly disagree that authoritarian repression of their own people was either necessary or just, for example, because I am oppositional to centralised and coercive power. Politics does not exist on a one-dimensional line.  

"Why might Iran see the UK as a legitamite target?"  

[Because we appear to be allowing the US to do this, on our sovereign territory, at our military bases.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHFvQgk/)  

As long as we keep doing that, Iran is going to see us as being part of the problem, when they are getting bombed.  

We keep our conversations about security and about the security of the UK from terrorism, and as long as we keep doing things like that, we are opening ourselves up and we are exposing our public and our economy to attack from the Iranian state.  

There is this concept of material support, and whilst we used to thinking about this in terms of money or physically giving people munitions, it won't be lost on Iran that if we withheld capacity for that activity to happen on our bases, that would so significantly undermine the ability of the United States to carry out their bombing of Iran, that it may very well be considered by the Iranian military to be essential material support that we are giving.  

Given that the strikes that started the war are also currently being assessed as potentially being war crimes, and the war itself in the United States may be categorised as an illegal war, both in terms of their own legal process, and also in terms of international law, anything which is seemed to be material support will fundamentally not only expose us in terms of security, but will also expose us reputational in terms of international trade and corporation agreements.  

There is an urgent need to clarify in Parliament what the fuck is going on here. We have not declared wartime. We have used this mechanism in order to support the State of Israel in its genocide of Palestinian people and land, so whilst this may be something which has leaked into acceptable defence posture, is there not also a need to clarify at a parliamentary level what the fuck we are actually doing, given that Iran is a highly authorised state?  

Palestinians spoke back with everything that they could, and continue to fight back now. Iran has a pretty robust military, and it has significant cybersecurity capabilities. Even if you are completely motivated by orientalism and imperialism, and you don't feel that the people in that region of the world deserve the same protections that we deserve here, it is pragmatically unsound to maintain the current posture without not any strategic review, but also parliamentary review.  

Are the British public willing to give their informed consent?  

[This is the degree of impact that this is having on people who are actually experiencing this in the region.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHFgKeM/)  

That kind of warfare, particularly if it becomes prolonged, is not something which is forgiven and forgotten very easily; if the UK actually wants to give any defence to the Gulf monarchies, then perhaps it ought to consider that there is a real risk to eventual uprising as a result of any fallout. We are far past the point at which the United States can count on being able to target a regime change in the way that they may wish to change a regime. We are at a point where we need to start talking about how the Arab Spring came to be, and the limitations of digital authoritarianism in the Middle East. Continued warfare in this manner, will push people to do exactly what people everywhere do, when they start to live in intolerable situations. If the west really thinks that calming down a few protests at home is going to be the ceiling, then whoever is writing the risk matrix is either not being fully honest, or they have a blindspot as big as Jupiter.  

---

Does the Labour/Reform link exist essentially as a pensions/incestments grab?  

I'm doing some spreadsheet work for an open democracy piece of work, and the more I do, the more this just looks like a VC/hedge fund type consolodation of public pension fund stake control.  

Sadly that does hurt members, as while you are told this will mean bigger payouts, it treats your government pension as a capital opportunity, so it is in the same interests to use whatever means possible to reduce costs to whoever is using it to drive profits; same mechanism removes control from membership, especially if larger stakeholder, as pensions only have meaningful negotiating value when they are US-state size as funds. This moves a "good pension" away from what used to make them "good pensions", and allows higher value funds to consolodate capital control.  

The reason that this tends to overlap with ESG/CSR, is because the most capitalist-driven investment practices are diametrically opposed to having any ESG/CSR, as the latter introduces temperance to pure extraction of profit via capital maximalisation, typically via human rights and environmental legislative compliance. This then becomes another micorcosm of how extremist capitalism becomes synonymous with fascist and protofascist capture.  

It's interesting that this appears to be something that has emerged since centralised government annoucned a desire to pool these funds so that England or the wider UK *could* start to negotiate in this manner, but appears to be an attempt to "beat the government to the post". Loose lips sink ships?  

---

I have also noticed that I have been nudged via multiple different mechanisms to disclosure of legal strategy and specific dates regarding specific outside bodies; I don't know who is trying to encourage this via voice capture, but you can sod off. I am very conscious that several bodies are in the live notice period for preservation of evidence, and I want this "as is", not with the possibilty of any further targeted interference, thanks.  

(Yes, I already have evidence of multisystems data deletions.)  

---

[Higher Ed needing some investment, is it? 🤣](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHFn3sQ/)  

---

[I didn't want it to be them. I didn't want it to be this.](./IMG_1229.png)  

Does anyone know a good lawyer who isn't scared of the pro-Israel lobby, and understands how we can communicate beyond the very clear evidence of digital interference on my end?  

I live in an area that's basically owned by the arms industry in the UK; I'm limited chiefly by my own ability to construct legal correspondence. I do very much anticipate legal action, and I do anticipate that it will be very financially successful for whoever supports me.  

My biggest hurdle which is infrastructural, is the physical limitations of having disability in the way that I do, and the ongoing digital interference; I often get blocked during the transfer protocol when I try and contact lawyers, my telephone conversations are not safe, and as noted I am physically a little limited. If I travel to an office, I need to be able to know that I can actually sit down with someone on that day. It would be like, a big day out for me.  

I have extensive evidence over several years. The interference is across 20 to 30 different data controllers. This is one of the key parties in terms of custodianship.  

Following what happened in the summer of 2025, I am genuinely unclear whether or not some lawyers have been told explicitly not to work with me, or on what grounds they have been told that. Any attempts to contact even lawyers in the sense of getting a latter done since, have been interrupted.  

Part of the data processing that I have asked about, and data processing where I have said that I am issuing a season and demand, relate specifically to the embassy of the state of Israel in the UK, who have already confirmed that I am not Israeli and they do not regard me as being Israeli in legal sense.  

The University which stopped my medical qualification, and which brought me back early between Benjamin's protests over the legal system and the start of Iron Swords, despite the fact that it should've been a year after this as agreed on paper, is denying that my cease and desist around the embassy has any validity.  

It is not denying that it's happened, it's denying that I have the right to demand that that activity is ceased and desisted.  

The way in which my data is incredibly rare, is that I have an MOD flag so you can hide it under OSA, I'm Jewish and British, I'm a rape survivor who went to Court... and if you can't work out why someone with that data profile might be considered to be a resource to be extracted from an expended in a data surveillance economy, soured by arms companies, I don't know what to tell you.  

Would anyone like to remember why we said we wholeheartedly supported our ally going into October 2023? Because if you got that data subject, especially if you could use them as a live test subject, and you had military capabilities, what you could do in terms of research and development would be really powerful. It wouldn't necessarily be ethical, but it would be powerful.  

The university is also refusing to check whether any information has been transferred across a counterterrorism network that likes the neighbouring university of interest (as well as others), and the neighbouring university who is rumoured to be the host of an IDF unit specialising in cybersecurity, is refusing to check its data holdings any further than surface level.  

We have currently arrested people on suspicion of spying on Jewish people in the UK, and we have arrested them under counterterrorism powers since the start of the Iran war, and also we have it several times arrested people on suspicion of spying on behalf of China and stealing academic data specifically, including at one of these universities, but don't worry: the Jew is clearly just being a drama queen. Are we for fucking real?  

I am stuck in a regional area that is controlled by Labour, which has heavy pro-Israel lobby dealings, essentially my devices are at the whim of the Israeli government, and the entire process of this means that we have deprived not just Me of my rights, but actually several people who are network connections of me.  

Whichever drugs everyone else is taking, please send me some. They sound amazing.  

I would like to reiterate for what feels like a millionth time, but just because I am British, doesn't mean that I am Israeli, and the fact that we are all thinking that it is acceptable to describe me to a foreign entity is antisemitism in breach of the IHRA; all of these people, all of these parties, say that they agree with the IHRA and that is why they are friends of Jews in this country. Clearly, I don't think any of them can be fucking trusted, and I would say that at this point I have enough evidence that they will sell whatever information they can get on you to a foreign government, despite domestic law here, that I don't really feel that I'm the bad person for thinking that.  
It's cute that I needed a whole day to think about the most recent release that affects the risk matrix.  
I can't really add anything more can I, because I would hate to be in contempt of court if indeed this was connected, and I don't know at this point, because no one will fucking clarify for me.  

(I appreciate that I am in quite a strong position, but I am also absolutely fucking furious, and I may be in this mood for the rest of the day.)  

This is completely been allowed to happen under the same digital surveillance regime that is not only present in the UK, but is highly present in my area of the country because of the research and development that goes on. There are therefore been many parts of what is supposed to be the oversight of our state, which has watched this illegal activity happen, and I cannot see that they've acted to protect a British woman from direct harassment, perpetrated by another state which is at war.  

I don't think my head can hold all of this in one place today.  

---

[🇮🇷/🇺🇸/🇬🇧: Oh, look. Whilst everyone scrambled to defend themselves in the UK, because they let Medinat Israel do what they wanted for a little bit too long with cyberwarfare on their own populations, the downstream consequences of allowing for that appear to be in process.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH2jmhu/)  

Now are we sure the Lloyds Group issue is not a cyberwarfare issue?  

I mean, it's fine, you can just not fix my problem and then see Western economy collapse. We're cool.  

---

[🇬🇧/🇫🇷: The Telegraph is reaching for the point.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH2d71S/)  

On international transparency indexing, we have one of the most corrupt arms industries in the world, which are not exactly known for their adverse attitudes to corruption.  

[It is true that austerity hit the armed forces incredibly, but it is also true that we have a system that extracts government money via "research and development" in this country, and that both counterterrorism in this country and also the arms industry, are both incredibly exploitative of the people in the areas where they are more active, and they siphon money out of taxpayer control.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH2ycNW/)  

---

Just to reiterate, rather than looking after a British student, rather than having another NHS doctor, apparently someone(s) has decided to opt for financial gain from an expansionist nationalist regime in a state credibly accused not just of the crimes of apartheid but of genocide as well, and accept and tolerate harassment and intimidation not just of the student, but also of anyone who comes close to her, or is in her network.  

How much do you hate Jews?  

You can't *like* Jewish people, you can't be *okay* with Jewish people, although I appreciate you may be taking money from some of them, so I just want to get a bit of a sense of how much hatred is actually present here.  

---

There is also a non-zero chance that this is because someone in LaSER didn't like being questioned 10 years ago. These are literally all the same men. if so, this would represent being profiled on data exhaust, because I was assimilated and I didn't talk about it. if this is the case, it literally gets so much funnier, because none of this "taught her a lesson", she has just gotten so much worse. And if you like, you can have her back!  

The more of this marinades, this may all go back to one particular STEM camp. If so, I'm so glad that we've really fixed the problem with misogyny, in a service that is supposed to be for young people (i.e. children).  

Good to know you're pretty good on the anti-racism training there, too.  

The fact that I am having to consider whether or not this happened to me as an adult volunteer, on the basis of being a woman and a Jew and knowing anything about safeguarding, should tell you everything that it needs to say about the attitudes that I encountered.  

It's also such a shame that some men are so forgettable, because I literally cannot remember the name to be able to look up the law firm or the chambers that you belong to.  

This does go some way to explain why any dealings with the SRA or the Law Society I've been really very strange. Thanks for making me famous.  
I literally just said that the policies we had were not adequate to protect children, and that we needed a new one.  

A young man had died (may his memory be a blessing) not too long before that, so if this is entirely about that, this is ridiculous.  

This would however explain the electronic nudging towards the Midlands; it's never been that compelling to me, that this would come solely from being Jewish, or solely from the Midlands itself.  

I've done my 10 years. I'm ready to move.  

This would also explain why it's incredibly difficult to find the appropriate data contacts in the Midlands, that would explain the degree of non-disclosure, and of course the Midlands would be intimidated by a London lawyer, because it's the Midlands.  

This is the height of ridiculous.  

what's it like not having an ambassador to lean on?  

Has anyone told Iran, vis-à-vis recent threat, that we can't easily expel our Israel Ambassador because we kind of only semi- have one, as the candidate is still facing corruption charges in Israel?  

[No, really: "Given war with Iran, Tzachi Braverman must be able to resume work".](https://www.timesofisrael.com/court-declines-to-extend-key-restrictive-conditions-on-netanyahus-chief-of-staff/)  

This guy only takes up post, directly due to the war with Iran, due to the perceived necessity.  

If the Jewish men of this country are not yet getting the idea that the white man will only support us when we are useful to them, my goodness please wake up! If this is what self-determination looks like, why do we have to engage in this level of behaviour, that is so clearly and very deeply anti-Jewish, and that it completely sacrifices everything that makes us Jews, so that we might have even the slightest hint at having a seat at the table?  

---

[🇵🇸/🇬🇧: This is a very eloquent example coming from a Palestinian perspective, from a caller into LBC, as to why some people cannot get on board with the messaging and the narrative that Iran is fundamentally an enemy, in the military sense.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH2ExgF/)  

---

[🇺🇸: Another synagogue in the West is currently on lockdown during a shooting incident.](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/where-michigan-synagogue-shooter-police-respond-force-active-reports-put-temple-israel-edge-1785147)  


This is a Reform synagogue, which itself narrows the likely possibilities; Reform communities are far more likely to take leftist and liberal stances.  

---

[🇮🇷/🇺🇸/🇮🇱: A good synopsis of why Iran's current actions are actually quite novel, and represent the west pushing the state further than previously.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHjLoJp/)  

It is very unclear whether the West can really achieve clear objectives, so whilst it doesn't appear to have any, we are also looking at a state which has relations with both Russia and China. These are not small countries. They have their own military, and those militaries do stack up against the West.  

---

[🇦🇺: This is the appropriate level of anger we should feel at being attached to this military offensive.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHjNgMG/)  

Something which has always been needed in the west, is that the public can understand a narrative of moral superiority, in order to consent. I'm not saying that's a good thing or a bad thing, nor am I saying that it was always grounded in truth, just that this has the case for a long time. It is incredibly clear that we do not have that at the current time, which is why you are not going to see widespread public support, because something in the base of what is required on a narrative level is not there.  

If the illusion produced by hypernormalisation did not reveal itself clearly enough, following the escalation of the genocide in Palestine in 2023, then that illusion will be punctured now.  

Upon this basis, the West is currently in a crisis of perception – it has become undeniable that we are no longer what we thought we once were.  

The longer we fight that denial, the longer will allow all of the harms that are happening, without actually acting to recover any part of ourselves into a place of safety.  

One of the most significant problems that comes as a result of stricter and stricter immigration policies, is that authoritarian regime are even more emboldened to do whatever the fuck they want to their own citizens. taking the argument given in this clip one step further, one of the ways in which authoritarian regimes could previously have been undermined, is by having flexibility of refuge in asylum abroad, because impractically every situation this will end up with a brain drain before it ends up with general migration, and so it tended to act as a deterrent to authoritarianism. By becoming stricter, by introducing quotas, by introducing complete bans, by hosting lengthy and traumatising asylum seeking processes, the IRBO itself is threatened. Human beings are an asset, they are not a hindrance, and so governments will often seek to maintain the skills in the knowledge that human beings have. When we shut the door in everyone's faces, we allow authoritarian regimes abroad to treat their citizens however they feel like treating them; immigration control feeds authoritarianism at home, and it also feeds authoritarianism abroad, creating in erosion of international human rights and of the international rules based order across the globe.  

---

[This is what white men think advertising to Jews for our votes looks like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHjXLVt/)  

Pikuach nefesh and the systems of tzedekah, chomesh, and maaser, say "no".  

The only thing that has changed by reducing taxes for us, is precisely where that money goes... on a personal level, at least.  

Why do these people all think that we are all the biggest capitalists in the world?  

Do we really want to nurture that bias that they have?  

---

[🇬🇧: This is the kind of interesting commentary that I'd like to see about the Mandelson vetting files, because we do need to ask why this was so normalised.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHj4k4A/)  

If this is what it looks like in this case, what has it looks like or what does it look like in other cases? This isn't a partisan question, this is a question about what we are willing to accept from people in public office, and people who represent us, including an especially on the international stage.  

---

[Presumably the government is completely unaware of the concerns that women actually have about the police?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHjWeJ3/)  

Do we perhaps think that what we might want is to restore trust before we put more undercover police near vulnerable women?  

[A detective has told how she was left traumatised after Police Scotland shared the contents of her phone with a colleague she alleged raped her.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cq8g9e812z3o)  

Any work with vulnerable people always attracts two types of people, the people who actually give a shit, and the people who are looking to be able to abuse power. I could easily compose an entire list of recent news stories; British policing is not in a place where it has the public trust of women, so the government saying that they will put undercover officers on nights out is not universally reassuring.  

---

[Thing as it takes all about five minutes for a piece of nonsense in the United States to make it to the United Kingdom, I just want to reassure all of the people who are still telling themselves that they are social conservatives but are in fact demonstrating a level of authoritarianism which makes them Stalinist, that yes, we are here to somehow make the process of using fancy pens and pretty ink even more camp. That is exactly what this is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH6xas2/)  

I really don't understand what the concern is here, do you really think that homosexuality is catching?  

Sexuality is always existed on a spectrum, and does throughout nature. Good news is that your sexuality is pretty fixed, and only the expression of it changes, and the only time that you would "turn gay" is if you were, in fact, a closeted homosexual. Again, what is it that you are all scared of?  

Anything in between being straight and gay can be classified in several different ways, and bisexual is the most commonly understood term for that, and it doesn't mean a 50-50 split, it literally just encompasses everything in the middle. The fact that you might fit somewhere in there doesn't mean that you need to start calling yourself anything other than straight, if that's what you feel comfortable doing. No one is forcing you, you can literally keep it inside your own fucking head.  

I really don't understand what the fear is here.  

I strongly suspect that this is still a hangover, not just from a perhaps older framework of values, but also the degree to which the stigma of the HIV/AIDS crisis has impact specific generations. You are not going to catch anybody's sexuality. You're not any better or worse for having being straight. Please get over yourselves.  
& because I know you won't look it up, query the map is just a specific project where people can logon and add notes, about their particular experiences, and in areas where there is still significant repression over this, projects like this can act as a beacon of Hope for the people who may grow up genuinely not understanding something really intrinsic about themselves as a person. So much of visibility and so much of pride is about things other than what you appear to be thinking it's about. This is far more about giving teens who are experiencing those thoughts and coming to terms with who they are as a person, and what that means for them throughout their entire adult life, regardless of whether or not they Marie and have what is by all appearance as a heterosexual marriage, or whether they choose to do something different. In that regard, as much as anything else, this is about keeping a vulnerable population in adolescence alive. I do mean that literally.  

When you take steps to reduce visibility and you take step steps to silence any explanation to them, much like that horrible little section that we had in schools in this country, you cut off a resource that is saving peoples lives and preventing suicide. Section 28 made it less tolerable to grow up with thoughts like that, it made it hard harder to access any support or help, and it made stigma so much worse. That leads to a lifelong impact for anyone who grew up under that. This is born out by many studies across the population populations impacted. These policies might be throw away for you, or they might seem like a good idea because they mean you don't have to confront anything about someone else's life, but these other widespread impacts for large sections of any population. You can't change the fact that this naturally arises in some people, and it's not going to come at you as this horrible thing that needs to be curtailed – it is a completely normal part of sexuality.  

We are literally in a world where we have more debate over the relationship of two consenting adults, and any support for them to make sure that they can be as healthy and as happy as the rest of the people they live with, then we debate about the fact that a significant part of our elite class has potentially been involved in a large-scale child sex trafficking operation.  

Social conservatives, if that is what you are, I need to see some progress on this, in order to take you seriously.  

This is why I'm very clear to a lot of people, I don't have a lot of argument really with social conservatives, if they are true social conservatives.  

What I have a problem with is this kind of Stalinism done under the banner of capitalism, witches to invade the intimacy of the private space and the homes of private individuals, and dictate them how they should be living their live lives.  

Stalin had Beria; same shit, different toilet.  

---

[🇮🇷/🇬🇧: A nice little brief about how net zero targets can help us avoid future economic crises, like the one we are seeing currently.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH6cLk4/)  

---

[🇬🇧: Wigan Council turning off their Instagram comments is better news than it might look. This is what happens when you start doing democracy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHM2E7w/)  

There is a bit of pattern in the UK, which is very much driven by reputation management. There is always a pattern of shutting down and being defensive when something is working, and usually it does go against policy or legislation in a significant way. When working on democratic issues, this is good to be aware of because you should anticipate that these things happen, and it means that you are starting to make a difference. it is evidence that public pressure is starting to impact reputation, this then translates to risk management at a corporate level, which is why you see the decision to change the operation of communications. This is evidence that our campaign is working.  

I'm not gonna say that it gets many more pleasant after that, but this is part of the process.  

[This is probably the best snapshot of what the residents want action against, and why.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMLbBv/)  

[Plus a conversation about process.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHM14bC/)  

It's not something that seems to be very well known but the housing and development lobby in this country is really quite significant, so a lot of political parties do accept donations from people with interests in this area, and I'm going to suggest that given tragedies like Grenfeld and the ongoing housing crisis, that this isn't really translating into good politics for the demos as a whole.  

---

[I just had to share it because it just screams White Gold. Like Wolf of Wall Street, but we're thinking more like Slough, rather than New York.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMjQCb/)  

Stealing gold has always strucl me as a very strong choice on chain-link watches, I won't lie.  

I'm not saying no one can carry it off, it just always sticks in my mind when I see it.  

[Not every American is completely on board with this, and even right-leaning news stations are having to really sell the jump inoil prices to Americans as being a long-term advantage. It's worth noting that even politicians in Congress and in Senate in the US who are considered reasonably left in that environment, and not really that leftist, which can help place the opinion of the wider electorate.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMFWNg/)  

[!! ITV brought props!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMdu99/)  

[This coverage of really tearing into the decision to not yet join, especially when Trump said that he didn't want us there anyway, is really strange to me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMNNJP/)  

Or it would be strange if we didn't have a significant transatlantic arms lobby.  


We are on the cusp of a diplomatic solution, we still don't have a plan to feed Gaza (even though it literally takes unlocking one door, or collapsing one wall), we have a number of options that could be taken that are less aggressive than escalating... and yet there's more sock puppet comments, there's more platforming... who is it actually benefiting? The British public really can't cope with more price hikes.  

[Well, at least we're not continuously saying it's about Jewish safety, so I guess I should be grateful for at least that bit.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMLdNH/)  

It's really strange to watch how several members of the Labour cabinet have slid towards narrative positioning which is supporting consent to enter and escalate, and this appears to come after the Mandelson files release yesterday.  

Given how much the Epstein network have been involved and are involved in many cases still, the arms industry, and how are they significantly promoted the arms industry as well as other niche industries like cryptocurrency for example, we shouldn't ignore this and describe it to coincidence only. There should be something that we explore and investigate, as part of the media being the fourth pillar of democracy. It should also not be lost on us that this comes after the hereditary peers come out of the House of Lords, many of whom have significant capital interests, and are dissatisfied with the current state of affairs.  

The problem with this lobbying in particular, is that the British public are already really struggling with the cost of living crisis, and have been very long period of time. I don't know how everyone has suddenly forgotten, but there was a by-election recently, with significant panic over the fact that the greens gained a seat. The greens gained their seat because they were one of the only voices that opposed this sort of lobby action.  

Normal people in the UK desperately want to see something change. They are also getting to the point where they really can't take any more cuts, any more hits, or any further instability.  

Something that should be significant now about the Mandelson files, in context of what we said in Parliament, and what we know from public forum information, is that it was recommended that Mandelson cone out of his lobbying company to minimise conflicts of interest, and did not do so.  

There is a really big gaping hole, in terms of our public knowledge of exactly what was achieved by staying in that company at the level that he was operating. It is very unclear at this point to what extent the Company itself may be able to provide any additional information which would prove to be more revealing.  

[Furthermore regarding environmental impact, it is still uncertain to what extent there were communications between JISC and Downing Street regarding the timing of the report release. This is relevant for the same reason that you are seeing videos of large oil smoke clouds and evidence of rain falling with oil which has become taken up in the water cycle in Iran.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMVXtM/)  

[The rhetoric and the narrative that somehow Iran's strikes are indiscriminate and the strikes by the US and Israel are somehow more targeted, is wide enough that we need to mind the gap.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMrA4y/)  

[In the potentially coordinated AI social media posts of "hot babes asking you to come to Iran, Habibi", do we want to consider perhaps what the IDF targeting used to look like?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMVFPV/)  

There is a non-zero chance that this AI generation is essentially using imagery from the IDF very well known campaigns, built to encourage young Jewish men in the diaspora and frustrated white men in the diaspora to come to Israel. As far as I can remember, there has been this element of advertising using sex as a way to appeal to young men.  

It wouldn't be surprising at all if the cyberwarfare that is happening was being done using that imagery, and those likenesses of real people, as training data.  

If this is the case, then the similarity of the content will essentially hit that same targeting of users, as the idea for recruitment content, which in itself is part of targeted narrative aggression. Broadly speaking, regime like the one in Iran broadly think that the West is largely just motivated by superficial things like sex, and made jealous and fristrated on the same terms, leading to increase increased agitation and aggression in males in those countries. This would target general civil unrest. The additional trend that it can jump on, which would target the Gulf would be the trend of, "come to Dubai, Habibi". By using this similarity, it would then start displaying the symmetry to the population exposed to that content as well. In this regard, we can see there's not necessarily as a campaign aimed at recruitment per se, but as a campaign mend to achieve psychological dominance in narrative warfare by Iran.  

White people may not immediately see this and that's okay, because most of you have not had this content shoved down your throat for three years.  

In this regard, Iran is specifically targeting the west on a perceived fragility related to hypermasculinity. There is a pragmatic and observable element to this, but it is also true to say that this maps to their own ideology and their own understanding of the people of the West, from their perspective.  

In other words, if the origin is Iran and the origin is the IRGC, they are essentially banking on Western men being so disgusting, that it is easy to undermine you and it is easy to get into your head and for you to cause your own problems in your own countries.  

I hate to buy the bad news like this, but your best defences against this are transparency, anti-corruption and compassion-driven masculinity.  

I am aware that these men can do this; I know that you are capable as a group of acting better.  

There is a wider point however in that if you flood specific areas of cyberspace with content driving a certain narrative, you can then push so hard on an algorithm that you change the space and digital environment as a whole, albeit potentially temporarily. If this is from the IR GC it is interesting that they are essentially goading western men at the same time as giving what appear to be very reasonable narratives to the press, and this in itself is both easy to pick apart and show to be untrustworthy in public if you can get your act together, but also it undermines the messaging that the ILGC is anti-imperialist, more than the fact that it is also authoritarian. Subject to Western liberal democracies actually doing something about feeding Gaza (for example), all those democracy would need to do to completely swing the narrative on this war, and gain tactical advantage in terms of trade negotiations), would be to start behaving in a way that fulfils what we have all been preaching our entire lives in terms of international raw-based order from anti-fascist precepts (not to similar to the original principles of NATO). If the men in politics and policy in the west can actually commit to specific actions which start to take the colonialism out of our politics, and at the same time increase accountability and transparency in their own democracies, then by simultaneously showing this apparent double narrative, the West can place itself into a position of being able to renegotiate on trade and infrastructural access.  

The way we are currently going about it is a little unhelpful, but it is not unsalvageable. Iran are giving several hints as to what they will be prepared to negotiate on. If we actually want to dismantle of authoritarianism and we actually want to dismantle imperialism and colonialism, we have to dismantle it in ourselves in order to be able to call it out in other people.  

We can only call them a bunch of meanies, if we stop being meanies.  

If the West could muster up a convincing narrative in this regard, that would be how you get the key infrastructural waterway open.  

So if some of you could kindly put down your beloved phallic munitions for a second, it would be nice if we could consider diplomacy.  

---

[The Times covering X's algorithm reveal.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMRQ6q/)  

I'd love to see the deep dives from tech on this.  

---

(I'm just noting that my social feed keeps getting interrupted by "messages" in the form of psychic readings, tailored around staying away from specific people. I can't help but read this as a reflection of someone else's vulnerability; I hope this means that the other side of the data splicing problem is doing something useful with their time.)  

---

[Herzog being put in a position where he is explaining basic constitutional principles to an American broadcaster, because of something that their own president demanded, should be the really big red flag that it is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHMxUgd/)  

---

[Zeteo: "Welcome to our world, Piers."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHM4vnG/)  

This is not something that I ever thought I'd seen in my life, but I'm actually kind of glad to see this conversation happening in quite a reasonable way in public, because it helps people who weren't not in the public, to be able to model their own conversations potentially all their own dilemmas about the matter.  

We also are going to know something which I'm not necessarily very proud of, but I know that I'm doing in my head: I think it's really reassuring to have this plenary part about acknowledging anti-Jewish racism is being a real thing with real consequences, so that in particular really helps the piece go down well. When I get placed algorithmically into Jewish spaces, it's often followed by a lot of very stressful content, and a lot of fear driven content, so I think it is a really helpful thing to acknowledge especially for elders who are coming to terms with what's going on currently, the idea that, "yes, the struggle against oppresive forces and the struggle against fascism is real". It's not even because we need to hear those sentences in particular, but it's essentially the opposite of a dog whistle. It's like we know that you're okay, because you've acknowledged it. I don't think I'm explaining this very well, but I imagine that lots of different people in different positions will have a store house of small phrases or small little cues that they look for to trust that someone else is safe. It's just that. I'm sure this has a term and I just cannot remember it.  

---
