If we're going to go all WW3, can we go back to Churchill, famously left-wing and anti-imperialist, who nationalised defence and had a coalition government?  


If we're going to go old-school, let's go really old school.  

German-owned business? Yeah... we're going to need that, thanks.  

Artisocratic land? I think you mean my new airfield.  

*Your* private gold? I think you mean, "gold I will be converting to War Bonds", patriot.  

---

[🇬🇧: Big talk from a limited company political party](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx3s337/), [who got caught up by this campaign](https://goodlawproject.org/case/general-election-help-us-stop-political-parties-misusing-your-data/), [in this set of contradictions](https://youtu.be/ScyLOj5QLoo?si=obDHgd4hU3bakn5g), [and in this controversy](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxT2NTy/).  

[It ain't just me who calls it the Project 2025: UK Bargain Bin Edition Party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxT17p4/)  

[I wrote a bare minimum guide to Project 2025 take-up in the UK. There are checklists.](Disruption_Kit/Big_Picture_Protocols/✨_Glimmer_Is_Taxable_And_Other_Big_Drums/🦤_Potential_Dodos/🍌_Project_2025_UK_Edition/README.md)  

---

[I'm alreasy hearinh a lot of disinformation and misinformation so just fyi, we currently only have age, sex, and general area of residence for two suspects arrested.](https://news.met.police.uk/news/two-men-arrested-in-connection-with-golders-green-arson-attack-507567)  

My feed is filled with the alt right wanging on about Shomarim, and the left bringing out all the possible Israeli links in Hatzolah.  

Oh, to be a Jew in 2026.  

I am very cross about how comms was handled by political types.  

You don't have to deal with the same fallout that we do.  

---

Can we talk about something a lot of you are getting wrong?  

Today it's the Labour Party, again.  

Regarding DPA and subject access requests, in relation to duties under article 15:  

- 15(3) → 📄 “Show me the data” (disclosure)
- 15(1)(a–h) → ⚙️ “Explain the processing”
- 15(1) opening line → ✅ “Confirm whether processing exists”  

A lot of you are doing this:  
- providing generic processing descriptions  
- but avoiding giving the actual data copy (15(3))  

That’s non-compliant.  

These are the rights the data subject can access, and should be given without undue obstruction:  
- Disclosure of data → Article 15(3).
- Processing information → Article 15(1)(a–h)
- Confirmation of processing → Article 15(1) opening clause

You can't just shove policies at people when they are identifying a potential data breach. It is your responsibility to make reasonable assurances.  

I don't know which lawyer(s) are advising this in public services, LP, and regional academia, but your lawyers are setting you up to be sued.  

You can tell me the matter is closed, but if you haven't reasonably met the requirements, I do not consider this to be closed, and when it all gets bundled up together, all it's going to do is show this widespread misinterpretation of the Act.  

Would ypu be satisfied if it was *your* private information? I imagine not.  

["You shouldn’t rely on exceptions or exemptions in a blanket manner. You must consider them case by case."](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/uk-gdpr-guidance-and-resources/the-research-provisions/exemptions/)  

Well... that's not what's being done, is it?  

[It's almost as if private companies, when acting on behalf of public controllers, may have competing rights.](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/data-use-and-access-act-2025-factsheets/data-use-and-access-act-factsheet-uk-gdpr-and-dpa)  

So now you are all flapping about protecting Jews this morning, you either need to shut up, or somehow create a world where the British Jewess can appeal to the legal team of the non-British company you all took magic beans from.  

You let a company with an Epstein associate and a grandson of the famous British fascist have all my data, through an accumulation of vectors. You have  let a company leading targeting with a foreign military, which would consider me a terrorist for not smiling properly whilst we murder children, to potentially access my data here.  

I was stalked all the way through Iron Swords, and none of you have the ability to opt for the case for public good, over siloed protection, which is exactly why you are easy prey for a company which claims to recify these traits, but ultimately grinds down our data laws and civil protections.  

What about when your daughter's rape is all over the internet? What then?  

Or yours. Seeing as men do understand the concept of it being a form of torture, clearly.  

Gosh. I wonder why I now have a fairy personalised feed around any of the triggers that I mentioned in the court-heard testimony of my child rape trial, even when I've never given that information in any other context, and I wonder why my Prime Minister is too lily-livered to even take any responsibility at a Cabinet level. I wonder why I got arrested alongside all of the other Jewish antiionists and journalists, and I wonder why the questions were so strange in interview.  

It is such a mystery.  

It's okay. No one will take my case because we don't give a fuck about women and children. Only sausages matter in 2026.  

Literally no-one in this country has the courage to resist this fascism. I just have to accept the AI-generated bukake CSAM as a fact of life.  

It tells you more about the haram zada who instructed the machine to make it, and claimed not to be able to defend against it, that it ever really tells anyone about me.  

I need Labour wimen, Conservative women, and Lib Dem women to remember it was men in your own parties who courted this business.  

I need Reform women to know that your men completely support this.  

So if the Greens have one man who did something weird with boobs once? Do you know what, it's better than the bukake CSAM that the rest enabled.  

In the meantime, I guess I'll still be the unofficial "💡 Did You Know...?" Little Miss Clippy on Foundary.  

It's like I've been made into all the worst bits of any UX, ever.  

No wonder no one answering the emails is nice to me. I'm a tarted-up sociopathic paperclip in this universe.  

---

It doesn't matter how much any of this overlaps with modern slavery or human trafficking.  

It doesn't matter that I was a teenager when my records first when missing.  

We're blaming the Met instead of asking questions about national security data, so our media wants your girls and your boys to get fucked like this, too.  

Do not tell me you care about children.  

You don't.  

So I'll just get whatever political issues of the day need to have some British voice commentary on them shoved in my feed, and I'll still get A/B testing for Newham candidates, and we'll just keep going and blaming people like me for being sponges on society, when I could have given you an NHS doctor.  

Tell me louder how much we desperately need billionaires.  

---

None of you think there may have been a capital interest in stressing out the human anchor for British Jewish sentimemt during Iron Swords?  

Okay, babes.  

The problem here is the degree of potential profit opportunity, and lack on consequence.  

---

[🇮🇹: Bro doesn't even have the balls to do it on the steps of St Peters, so idk man... I don't think this is successful-cult-leader-level arrogance. Needs work.](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/peter-thiel-brings-his-lectures-on-the-antichrist-to-the-vaticans-doorstep)  

Feels more Reddit edgelord than Sauron.  

---

You know what would be funny, I sent a little bit of time as a teenager under a boys name online because I was experimenting with how it felt (which I'll give you farm more than any sort of Health intervention or any political discussion about it).  

I wrote some good poetry under a boy's name.  

Don't worry; now I'm legal, I'm packing. It's even circumcised because I had to, you know?  

157 is going to need to increase before the tort lands.  

My favourite Jewish transmen have had their music wiped offline, very weirdly in this last few years of the chase, otherwise I'd have sent something more poetic as a chaser.  

---

I feel like we might just need to cut down on the amount of men rolling the Internet for young people, it sounds like you're all kind of running into each other and getting very upset.  

I don't necessarily mean that in a legal cut-off way I just mean it in a, if you're also looking for a certain degree of emotional depth to match your actual age, you might be limiting the pool so much that you're all looking at the same people.  

Idk, man. It sounds more hellish than normal online dating. Are we sure we can't just have a conversation about why there is a status attached, and maybe about realistic expectations in relationships?  

---

Part of the reason I really just want to find out what happened to my date overtime is to get the story about how it escalated before 2016 clearer in my head, because I'm being left with various possibilities, and understanding it would help me recover from it.  

I'm not necessarily saying that anyone in particular had my data as a teenager, but I know someone wondered, and I know that it's been misused, which is why it's quite disappointing for this not to be taking more seriously by defence digital.  
I don't really understand how we can't admit to ourselves that a different points things haven't been perfect, and that we know better now, and that we commit to better in the future.  

However, it has occurred to me that the Americans might want to know the information (iykyk), and seeing as the markets are incredibly stable right now, I just want to know that I did notice a difference to my general experience in the physical environment after I made a very simple table showing why Derschowitz' book is actually very limited in scope, and doesn't address the call of what the BDS movement are saying.  
I don't necessarily think that a book has two, but if you claim to, you do need to do that. That's just basic narrative writing, is it not?  

so because the markets are terribly stable, and because everybody is incredibly emotionally well regulated in this chat, all I'm going to say is that Yiddish has more culture than German, and leave it there.  

In fact, all I'll add, is that if you hadn't have killed 75% of the speakers, and obviously a huge proportion of artists and writers, and destroyed manuscripts, arguably we would be like as ahead in terms of culture and poetry.  

G-d proceeded over you "evening the field" and you're still complaining.  

Stoke racial hatred all you want, we were always funnier.  

---

This may explain why you were all so pissed about the "let's cash those genocide bonds out of LGPS", though.  

How do you accidentally buy bonds a few weeks after the ICJ says, "hey, we're worried this might be a genocide – just in case, don't buy bonds"?  

"It's a fiscally profitable..."  

Yes, and genocides always are, which is why things like international law, treaties, and domestic law exist, so that the UK is able to keep compliance with the CPPGC.  

So I really don't understand why you're all still justifying this with the technicality law.  

It is important to say that the UK made international law in a large portion, because it is important to say that the only reason we haven't ratified it more obviously in our own domestic law, is because we always assumed that international law would play out within our best interests.  

Regardless of what the morality behind colonialism within this piece is, we are disobeying our own laws by the actions that we are undertaking currently.  

We literally designed the system, and the system bit back at us, and now we're whining about it.  

it is frustrating to me that a lot of you are making this to be a "Jewish versus Palestinian" issue, and not a "politicians and pundits against the concept of English law as applied to the world" conversation.  

And yet you will complain about us surrendering our serenity in very specific contexts.  

Just say you want to daddy it will be easier.  

(and I hate to yuck anyones yum, but seeing as they basically all own us now, can you pick better next time? Like can we at least have a bit of a beard going on on at least one of them? Just one bear, that's all I'm asking for.)

---

I'm not hating the Badenoch-Davey tag team:  

[That is a lot more telling than it was meant to be.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxEJTRt/)  

Before the women on the left lose their mind, can I please remind you that our Prime Minister has shown repeatedly that he cannot handle the woman standing opposite him, and respond to her any completely different way than he responds to previous leaders, and completely differently to how you respond to Ed Davey.  

It might look a lot like he respects you as women, but you have to understand that that is part of his job is leader of the labour party to care about you as labour MPs, whereas his behaviour to women in general is not necessarily that impressive.  

His behaviour to women of colour, is a bit fucking questionable.  

We've had him in public for a decade, and he consistently doesn't show the same amount of respect to women who aren't white. This is supported by his party's very tokenistic approach to saying they care about antisemitism.  

I'm not even talking about the wider social justice issues now, because I obviously don't want to attract from the fact that it still might be beneficial to have a nominally left but centrist party, and I'm not the best person to talk for women who also experience colourism, because that isn't my experience. It should be noted however what we are seeing time and time again is a failure to meet Badenoch with the same grace that he would meet a man, so it's either because she's a woman, or it's because she's a black woman – take your pick.  

i'm sick of having to explain tone, when it comes to the way which men talk to and about women, but he is commonly quite snappy with her in a way that doesn't really replicate the way in which he dealt with People. He stood opposite to when they were men, and it doesn't really replicate how he does it to other men in the Commons.  

With the greatest respect, he speaks to Nigel Farage with a different tone which suggests respect, Badenock does appear to be singled out in this regard.  

"The tolerant left"?  

I am not tolerant of what the fuck this looks like.  

What he specifically does with Ed Davey here, is something that you see from men like this all the time, which is where they still criticise them but not quite as cuttingly, and kind of half-appeal to the other man in the room to join in on their side against the woman.  

I wish I was overthinking it, but I'm literally just telling you what I've seen men do for over 30 years in front of my face.  

The reason that this matters so much, is that there was essentially what can be referred to as a purge within the Labour Party, and it was a small group of mostly men, but not exclusively men, who are heading that up. This was given political rationale in public, but it seemed to be targeting personalities and characteristics of speaking more than it appeared to be political, and that opens the conversation as to how much of this was actually to do with violations of   and that opens the conversation as to how much of this was actually to do with violations of rules, violations of discipline, etc, and how much of it was just that some small group of men were being buttery little shits.  

The important thing here from a system's point of view is that it's not solely on one person within a group, to police the behaviour of everyone within that group, so when you have a leader that is quite clearly doing this, you have had him in government as the Prime Minister for a year, you have had him leave your party for nearly 10 years, so the question is why are you tolerating it?  

What does this mean for what is tolerated in the wider Labour Party?  

This is where organisations can start to have their "Me Too" conversation conversations, because often when we tolerate this sort of behaviour where it is going to be most visible, that usually becomes a tip of the iceberg problem.  

This is not to necessarily say that the Labour Party does have a widespread problem, but it opens up that possibility, because this is the pattern that we see repeatedly in organisations which have not robustly addressed how they select for and how they retain personalities, and you have not sort to address the issues which creates toxic environments towards people on the basis of sex or gender, including women.  

Just to be clear because I think the Labour Party communications area often misinterprets this, I'm not looking for a list of reasons why your mate is great, what we're looking for is meaningful change, and meaningful improvement.  

If you are unwilling to do that, you will be replaced by an alledged boob hypnotist, simply on the basis that you cannot be trusted near women, compared to a boob hypnotist. 

(I'm still very confused about that new story, and I refuse to look into it because I'm sure what I am imagining is far funnier than what the actual underline story is.)  

[The Royal Household is literally being more radical than the current Labour Party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxEMe9B/)  

That's how "left" today's Labour Party is.  

(Does the King fancy coming into politics? I think this shit could get interesting.)  

[We were promised this shit, man. I need to see someone to storm storm Parliament on horseback. Then I'll consider your Epstein War.](https://youtu.be/YSob-Pyj6pM?si=YN2-7-yzzJpKVPOj)  

It's not very realistic though, Parliament never shuts up that quickly.  

It's amazing that the same people imagine that teaches can handle 40 children at once, and affect such harsh discipline; perhaps when they mandate for corporal punishment they are telling us how they ought to be handled.  

I can't really imagine Lindsey Hoyle with a rod, though. He's too kind.  

We need Betty back.  

---

[🇬🇧: Um, hello? CST? I know we're not besties, but like... can we talk? We appear to have a common problem and ngl I have a lot of thoughts around how we can tackle this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxooF7q/)  

Idk man I think I have a repo here somewhere...  

Joking aside, I think swapping some reasing/resources might be a good idea, because mainstream antisemitism history and theory books are on a different track and won't get you to the station you need to be at, for this particular era of antisemitism.  

...we can have cookies?  

[🇬🇧: See this list of stakeholders? I'm going to need us to move away from relying on them, for a start.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQ1hmex/)  

I need the CST to go back to it's roots, and not give names over.  

---

[And I need to see what happened to "Shy Girl"](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQ1Fnx6/), [happen to this garbage "book"](https://youtu.be/BvzZtWUXqLQ?si=lvCNYJAcj1WbJb_g), [whose titoe sounds a lot like this work of fascist equivocation.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_a_Nation_(2018_film))  

[Because I need us to not let Nazis win.](https://youtu.be/Gq0ZHgKT2tc?si=08dh9qrnHT0D45w9)  

Like, I need us to pretend that the current premiership in the UK is a test run, for backers who win inevitably support a fascist, project-2025-style party, in the UK.  

I just need us to be really imaginative, and pretend that that could theoretically be something that would happen, and deal with people accordingly.  

I need us to pretend that the current Prime Minister acts as a sort of test run on what you can push linguistically and what you can push legally with the clever use of language.  

I'm not saying that that's what happening. I just need you to pretend that that is a possibility, and deal with things accordingly.  

Because it could happen.  

Yes, here.  

Remember to bring potatoes.  

(Every fascist movement seems to really hate the use of potatoes in street fights. Clearly it is the root vegetable and no further context that is the common denominator. We shall bring potatoes, and we shall fight them on the beaches.)    

---

The liberals that are calling themselves leftists do you have some choices here, if they'd like to avoid the current situation that the US has, because it's not making the Democrats look amazing, it's just making them look like the lesser of two evils.  

I'm going to unapologetically state that the issue that I am facing with my data, is a useful test case for the same people who are back in the same capital. I'm clearly not the only person who's going to be in this position, and clearly just one of many, but problems like that are going to be problems that you can sweep under the rug now, that will come back to bite you later.  

I don't know if you've noticed but there has been significant reason to encourage the detention under arrest not only of anti-fascists, but also of anyone who has been a whistleblower, anyone who has reported domestic violence, anyone who has spoken out in any context, but particularly within government services.  

I need you to put your pride to one side, and start building bridges with us, if that's what you want to do, and have that united stand.  

You are in a significantly better position than we are in respect of being closer to power, so you are in the position to be making the way for the United stand to happen, and if you don't, we are going to have to take that as you choosing to be on the wrong side.  

You need to start choosing right now this second whether or not you want to be on the side of fascism or anti-fascism, and if you are not actively making a choice, then you are looking at what is happening in the United States and you are saying you are okay with that.  

That's your choice, you are a fully grown adult, but we need you to start making those choices.  

There is only so much we can do in terms of holding the door open, if it comes to being a Neville Chamberlain or being a Winston Churchill.  

I appreciate that the man was a racist bastard, and he said some very interesting things about Jewish people, but he is essentially our symbolic token in our brains for "getting through the war against the Nazis", so he's going to have to behave himself for two seconds and be a nice quiet little symbolic token in this conversation.  

I need you to stop choosing sides like your future actually depends on it, because your future does depend on it.  

> It is an interesting and somewhat macabre parlor game to play at a large gathering of one’s acquaintances: to speculate who in a showdown would go Nazi. By now, I think I know. I have gone through the experience many times—in Germany, in Austria, and in France. I have come to know the types: the born Nazis, the Nazis whom democracy itself has created, the certain-to-be fellow-travelers. And I also know those who never, under any conceivable circumstances, would become Nazis.  
>
> It is preposterous to think that they are divided by any racial characteristics. Germans may be more susceptible to Nazism than most people, but I doubt it. Jews are barred out, but it is an arbitrary ruling. I know lots of Jews who are born Nazis and many others who would heil Hitler tomorrow morning if given a chance. There are Jews who have repudiated their own ancestors in order to become “Honorary Aryans and Nazis”; there are full-blooded Jews who have enthusiastically entered Hitler’s secret service. Nazism has nothing to do with race and nationality. It appeals to a certain type of mind.
>
> – Dorothy Thompson's *Who Goes Nazi?*. [Archive source.](https://harpers.org/archive/1941/08/who-goes-nazi/)

I need us to start being aware of who can be trusted with information, and who cannot be.  

I need a lot of you to stop making the mistake of the Amsterdam municipal authorities, or indeed many of the Judenrat.  

I need you to stop giving important information to people who cannot be trusted with important information.  

Data, in case it was not obvious, is important information.  

I need some of you to stop being scared of a Jew suing you, to be extent that you do not tell her who you have given her information to.  

I need your desire to protect people from fascism, to out rank your inner voice telling you that she cannot be trusted not to seek revenge upon you.  

I need you to be men.  

And women of valour, where applicable.  

[🇬🇧: Can you see how useful it would be, to extend the norms around filibustering, such that you would push a policy that you would not ordinarily support?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQ19VU3/)  

I am not bringing in small examples that just so happened to match a pattern, this has been happening for a very long time, and some of you are wantingly ignoring it.  

I know that there are multiple parties who have fucked up, and I know that some parties have been encouraged actively to fuck up, so that they can't be relied to put on, I know that. I am asking people to start being sensible and seeing a larger pattern forward what it is, and to act accordingly.  

---
