Widespread device interference (x3 devices), end-process interference, trying to get to a point of being able to print forms. 🤣  

Now having commit-button failures.  

I have found the snipping point. This is positive. Maybe I do just need an IPT panel review. ❤️☺️  

And of course dictation is not working now. 🤣 Anything to slow the pace.  

This comes after a further volume of clones have been discontinued; this is the second policy vehicle in the defence/ME space which has discontinued just before "confirming no data under your name". This gives further support to the potential for misuse under defence/security instruments of the written voice, as this is a phenomenon suggesting that the digital antibody-antigen complex is matching on style or cadence over digital ID as specific identifiers.  

I have discussed previously why this may be, and how this may have cone into being, but in essence this relates to data capture based on legal permissions from when I was 14/15 years old, and is not currently valid. The MOD is exhibiting significant awkwardness around this issue, but until I have a reduction in communications interruptions, even performing daily style tasks has been difficult. As I rely on digital means as a disability adjustment, this has been significantly impactful. There has been commerialisation of this data, and so there is not only a case for unnecessary harms, there is also a case for money being made from values which are my property and my right.  

This is a case of how a predominantly male area of governance leads to harm of women and children. It is inappropriate under the law, but the law is not fully enforced in the current oversight environment.  

The men still think they Definitely Got This. (They have not, in fact, got anything like this. Popcorn is available.)  

---

[🇬🇧: "MI5 will pay compensation and has apologised to a woman who was coercively controlled and attacked with a machete by one of its agents."](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cg5nrq287m4o?utm_campaign=YT+Comms+March&utm_medium=bitly&utm_source=YT+Comm)  

Probably a good thing; this was the case where they lied in court and said that was "necessary" to be dishonest, as MI5.  

If you're doing more harm, you're not securing the homeland.  

This woman should have never had this perpetrator protected; if you're doing the violence, you are not a necessary asset and the CHIS statis should have been immediately reviewed.  

The [Public Office (Accountability) Bill](https://bills.parliament.uk/bills/4019), also known as the Hillsborough Law, is designed to prevent these situations in future, and this is the reason why MI5 was specifically included initially. The idea of a national security exemption may seem like a sensible idea, but without explicit requirements placed on all security services' officials as in the original text of this paper, the protection does not meaningfully exist. There have been multiple examples of tremendous misogyny being perpetrated under the guise of "national security", so we really do have to ask, "security for whom"?  

---

[🇺🇸: Tiny Hands' very public crash out about not getting more from the UK continues.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9jE73n/)  

---

[🇮🇷: Iran is actually sending a very subtle message, here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR96qDv7/)  

They are giving the US an "out", it just may not be the exit that the US wants to take.  

It will realistically take several weeks for the US Marines to arrive on current orders. There is time for the US to take the exit. It's very unclear if those Marines would survive a ground invasion intact, so this becomes not simply whether or not the US would have a "success", so much as whether or not they are prepared to spend lives that recklessly, if the outcome is exceptionally unclear.  

If that is on the basis of ego alone, that is damning.  

[🇮🇷: It shouldn't surprise anyone that Iran is allowing some ships through, because it's already said that it will; it's not possible to keep pretending that their government is not being very clear about their terms.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR96vQaK/)  

They are just not operating on the terms that our specific military axis as Anglophone countries, necessarily want to be the terms.  

---

[A lesson in how pocketsquare styles speak louder than pins.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR964347/)  

Men speak very loudly in their suiting choices. Never let them convince you otherwise.  

---

[The MoJ has formally announced predictive policing of children; this is dystopian, and has provable harms to those children from other countries.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR96GsjY/)  

When you introduce predictive policing of children, what happens is that those children are treated differently and start responding to that source of harm... making it more likely that they will offend in future.  

You only end up getting the prediction because you are essentially choosing a group of children arbitrarily, treating them differently, and then pointing at any adult offending and telling everybody how "clever" you are.  

We have done this for years with the PREVENT system in our own country, and if you haven't heard about it already, you really should give some of the stories a read.  

I don't think you should really refer children for radicalisation support because they grew a beard, because I have seen enough teenagers with excruciatingly painful eczema and acne, for whom the best advice you can give from a medical perspective for this is to just let the beard grow, and trim it when they are older and their skin settles. Some men get this advice as adults. The fact that you give that advice more to young men who have skin that has genetic adaptations to specific environments should not be the basis of our policing of children.  

If you want an interest group, follow the money.  

"AI" does not need to be put into fucking everything.  

AI has not found any link between several black women who are now deceased, we all have similar similarities between their cases, they are in a very small area; what is AI actually doing for justice in this country?  

Even if those cases are only related in terms of a factor that we do not typically acknowledge, the pattern is clear enough for humans to see and so it should be clear enough for machine learning to pick out. Why has machine learning failed in those cases, to identify a potential area of improvement in order to prevent any future premature deaths?  

Machine learning should be that good if it is just doing what it's supposed to do on the tin. It is unclear how it's being trained and it is unclear how it's being QCed.  

There is no current industries standard which these companies regulate against, so why are we introducing this into predictive policing for children going through developmental stages? That is absolutely ridiculous and it is a huge lifelong neurological change that can be instigated by doing it wrong.  

---

["I've been wondering for the last 16 years... I was interrogated, and nothing happened... We could have saved so many young women."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9MYKXT/)  

---

[All polling data is ridiculous in this country when you make the only answer options not make sense.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9MNYYm/)  

But I also want this sector to interrogate *where* it is sourcing it's "advice" from.  

The warheads want a war, so they're not happy, and the rest of us see the bombs being loaded on UK soil, so we're not happy, and that is the diversity of opinion in the "not happy" column.  

That's not a good poll. It's bad data.  

---

My new game with the news, is to pick out every single story and ask, what circumstances would have to be in place for this to be in an Iranian sleeper cell?  

---

[🇺🇸:"Top US counterterrorism official resigns over Iran war, urging Trump to 'reverse course'"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cg4g66r3z40o)  

The full text is... oof.  

---

[🇮🇱: I maintain that that Bibi video appeared AI enhanced because he looked too tarted up](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9rWngY/), BUT what is even more interesting is how this discourse is itself an influence and information campaign, [because the video looked so odd](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9r7sfv/). It distracted locus of focus and it allowed less negetive indexing with SEO around the figure in question. This all altered the information environment in cyberspace and was a narrative weapon in further obsucating on the genocide of the Palestinians, the closure of the Rafah border, the advance into Lebanon's sovereign territory, the civil unrest inside State of Israel borders, the annexation of tte West Bank, and the bombing of both the Gulf states and Iran itself.  

This cleared the information superhighway for the US to present military options for the Strait of Hormuz as if these were democratic and the only sensible options, which shows what a waste of time this all was, because it still looks like a bad enough idea that even Germany is like, "yeah, no, that's not what NATO is for.  

[🇺🇸: They are trying so hard.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9hUMq1/)  

I thought you all said all brown people throw all queers off buildings? That one not sticking anymore, no?  

The idea that a bunch of child sex traffickers and their enablers and beneficiaries are laughing at someone else's supposed sexuality as if this is a competition? That's what's hilarious, btw.  

Also clearly none have you have worked on wards; half the world tries it on with a random member of staff when they're high enough on anaesthetic.  

[🇺🇸: Hmm. Using bots and algorithmic stunning isn't working out so well, because UK audiences are now just getting this after it was iced.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9hPRSd/)  

This is not how to do a good information war, guys. Step it up.  

---

[I am cackling in Yenta.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9haNtW/)  

---

[🇬🇧: White men are now finding the pattern of Black women found deceased in the UK to be weird. Is that not enough for NPCC review critera?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9hrnCn/)  

Third day of posting this, which the BBC is still not even commemting on in an obituary-style sense:  

> ["For Black Women UK have drawn attention to a troubling pattern across the UK, where missing Black women are later discovered in water, sparking urgent questions from families and communities."](https://www.theshadeborough.com/latest/for-black-women-uk-disturbing-pattern-black-women-discovered-water)
> 
> The Met used to have a unit for patterning high-risk violence against women. [This patterning was available prior to AI models becoming widespread.](https://youtu.be/JrvWPGRnUwk?si=1CCO1Nn1bqa6ltNe)
> 
> Black communities in the UK have raised concerns repeatedly, which have been substantiated repeatedly, regarding our bias for dismissing and normalising violence against black women and girls. There have been previous concerns that patterns and suspicions are not acted upon quickly enough.
>
> Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu covers this with reference to the current story, [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH4j5wx/).
> 
> Chandonpapi expresses the frustration with apparant non-action [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHbQDLm/).
> 
> [Tanz also eloquently summarises why this is so disturbing to watch being ignored.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsrpkN/)
>
> [Kim ties directly to surveillance capitalism, with simple examples to show just how ridiculous this is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHtTrrf/)
>
> [Amie humanises these women and theor backgrounds.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH7Twk6/)
>
> [Maryam discusses how this story and the lack of coverage, demonstrates misogynoir, and what that means in practical terms.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH3jN6r/)
>
> [This is the degree of concern that people are having, and if you can see it in the comments as well, and the BBC hasn't reported on it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnRcRJ/) that is very strange because a number of stories in the BBC have been driven by troller and scrape her content online, so the fact that it's not being reported looks like there's some sort of filter operating on what gets published, which is what might be stopping this story. Can the BBC fucking sort itself out, please? It's not "DEI" to not report on yet another death in a row of deaths that looks strange to the public; it's fucking weird to not report that.
>
> [You can see how much distress this is causing in how this news is shared, and in comments sections: example from The Bouncer Hub.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsHXu9/)  
> 
> [Story originally linked from the shout out by Ani.Says (also produces content for The Canary)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHfwggg/)

---

[This caller to LBC is an elder, and a woman who clearly doesn't feel safe in the environment she finds herself.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9kbMsv/)  

I'm not going to speculate on what her politics are, because she does not clearly indicate tyis. Instead, in the context of what she is saying, and what is likely to be picked up as language to optimise search and algorithmic placement, we can then see a mish-mash in the comments which picks out some of the Jewish experience being public in any way, including online. There's some very obvious "pure alt-right" pick-up, which falls into the more old school antisemitism category, and then we get some examples of where, by talking about Jewish people *only ever* in context with the Middle East, there is then the logical jump made that she is supportong a specific state or at least that this is all related, and then anger directed apparantly at her.  

Presentation like this, acknowledging us as Jews chiefly only in this one context, and not giving diversity and texture to the Jewish experience in the UK, is why I find it very diffixult to not criticise the media as an esablishmemt, as well as policy-makers and politics as a broad establishment.  

We have become this amorphous grouping that is invoked to protect British oil and gas interests in the Middle East, and British defence industry interests. As with several other communities in the UK, we have been oversimplified and deprived of character, and are now chiefly invoked only for influence engineering. This means that when any of us show any degree of fear, an excuse is found, or wgen we have any joy, this must always be tied to our narrative role.  

This is how ridiculous it has become to be anything other than a white man with a title in 2026 – this was not always this bad, and has developed over a decade or so of constant polishing of everyone into pre-written categorisations for PR purposes only. It's not humane, it misses the point of being a culture and a country, and even worse, the outcomes are just so boring.  

It's all just annoyance and fear, every day, for everyone. That may induce adrenaline but it's dull.  

She also raises a bigger point that we refuse to address: she's felt very isolated since 2020. The impact of the pandemic and the social disruption for so many people is largely ignored, but leaves us suseptible to feelings of fear and loss and anxiety and hopelessness and that is all *exactly what capitalism in overdrive thrives off*.  

No one who monetises anything is going to fix this for us; we have to sort it otherselves.  

---

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: The reason the security restrictions at Al-Aqsa are disturbing, relies on looking at the pattern that exists for annexation of territory by the state doing this, and knowing about the rise in Kahnism within both extremist settler and IDF contexts.](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/exclusive-israel-keep-al-aqsa-mosque-closed-through-eid-al-fitr-and-beyond)  

If they take the land flatten the mosque (which I hope does **not** happen), I don't want anyone in the Western media to act like this is a surprise they never saw coming, and what I specifically *do not want* is for you to pretend that such an act would be anything but a fundamental rejection of Rabbinic Judaism.  

Everyone's observance differs but it's fairly universal that Jewish people do not set our feet on that piece of land specifically because of the traditions around the Holy of Holies.  

What these extremist shitheads do every year on Jerusalem Day (which is coming up soon - so you have been warned), is storm the site, and in extreme violation of Jewish law around the dignity of the site.  

Sacrificing a red heifer cow at the Temple Mount is some empire as Golden Calf bullshit and no one should be letting it off like that's "just a Jewish thing".  

It fucking ain't.  

If I see this shit come up mid-May, I do not want to hear about how, "no one could have predicted".  

Of course we can fucking predict it. We still don't have access into Gaza to give food to the starving children of Gaza and none of you are bringing sledgehammers to that ridiculous monstrosity which encloses the land. It's sacreligous and the lack of political will to fulfil the most basic of mitzvot will be condemned by our grandchildren.  

You do not need to even humanise Palestinian suffering, to recognise that kol Yisrael is at odds with the Creator for every day that Rafah is closed to aid.  

Why are you bothing to wash hands, when men and women starve?  

One break in the chain breaks it all.  
[Arrests are now happening during prayer near the site, and how this would actually relate and be neccessary to security is unclear.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9SmrRS/)  

[And aside from anything else: the crushing of one's spirit is the point, and we should never, ever, support that.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9SaWh5/)  

Remember who we are.  

---

[This is what the "extra bits" of kosher observance are.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9SUgRp/)  

Everyone's a little different.  

These are the sorts of conversations we need to have if we're going to meaningfully talk about legislation impacting halal and kosher food, because some people have kept thid observance, and everything that goes into it, their entire lives.  

A snap bill change with no input isn't helpful if the concern is harm reduction across the board.  

---

+++ interference anything about voice rendering for my audible voice. wtf did you guys even do.  
