Wifi still poop; 5G is like, mid.  

#priorities  

---

[🇬🇧: Guardian did a really good job of hitting the "this could be a group", with "there are several possible explainations.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2026/mar/23/jewish-volunteer-ambulances-fire-golders-green-suspected-arson-antisemitic-ntwnfb)  

So whilst I am essentially hating the fact that we are using the fear of communities as news, I also accept that that's part of how we operate in this country and I think we just have to acknowledge that one of the clearest examples of what nosy fucks we all are and how we can get ready detached from the humanity of the thing really quickly is how the press and the media attention on Jack the Ripper played out. I appreciate that it's historical and in a way that makes it a lot easier to remove it from any particular politics and focus on the fact that British people are cooped up and enclosed to a point that our morbid curiosity and love of a mystery is just off the charts.  

Like I didn't think it's a good thing necessarily. It just seems to be the price of living in very close contact with each other.  

I also understand why some people particularly other Jewish people might be reading my takes on this and feeling like I can't admit a real threat to myself. I can completely understand that and I just want to clarify that I'm not coming from a place of being super unalarmed. Where I'm coming from is as somebody who has had complex PTSD for a long time, I have a very particular skillet that I've had to learn to make sure that I can live my life, and that includes being able to take a step back from anything that would normally immediately make me scared. So my genuine trained response at this point when something presents as high fear without adequate context is to step back and look at it in a wise mind perspective. I'm not saying this is necessarily the best way of doing it. I'm explaining to you how I've learned to cope with a pretty shitty diagnosis and how that comes up in this moment now.  

What said shitty diagnosis and said solution to shitty diagnosis allow me to do is to take something that should be very distressing and process it a bit more intellectually, and so that's why I'm already at the point where I'm recognising that this looks a lot like something designed to make a statement and invoke fear, but that it isn't clear where the origin point is in terms of a particular actor. I won't argue that it looks like a coordinated series of events, but I might argue with the guarantee that that's been done in a way that resembles typical militias or typical terrorist groups.  

If you're disappointed that I'm not paranoid enough as a Jewish woman then don't worry because that just expanded all of the potential actors from *just* Iran-aligned groups, to a broader range.  

If it makes any of you feel better, I've cluster it all within hypermasculinity, so at least you're all buddies together.  

In essence, there are probably several men involved, and so I don't really give a shit which group or community you're from, as usual you're causing a problem and women are probably gonna be the ones who have to clean it up.  

Fucking typical, man.  

But you made yourselves a logo, so that's cute.  

(Literally we can't have five minutes...)  

---

Urgh.  

The general feeling from the politics that has been done so far has been to infantilise us as Jews and to say that any threat to Jewish people in the UK always comes from something external to the UK.  

This is deeply unhelpful and it actually locks us further into a cycle of violence where we will be targeted more; this is because we do not exist independently of a society where the alt right is growing, nor do we exist independently of the increasing violence towards other communities, including and most similarly to the Muslim community in the UK.  

The most dangerous threat to Jews in the diaspora will always come from the alt right, because of the dynamics which exist that allow different groups to perpetuate violence, and which monitor some groups more or less than others. We live in a majority white country and so the white people who are most of our security services in this country are most likely to miss the threat of alt right violence which is driven by hatred of people who are not white, because that behaviour will not necessarily be picked up as obviously as it will dogwhistle in front of marginalised people of different backgrounds. That isn't really being racist, it's just missing dogwhistles by accident because you don't have to learn to pick them up to be safe. If you can't admit or don't realise that you're missing them, you'll keep missing them.  

There is a very real alt right threat in the UK, and they have been training and bonding as groups and giving each other community in a way that is filling a gap for a lot of men, and which will not be picked up necessarily by our current counterterrorism schedule. The reason I know about them isn't because I do the sort of Bellingcat work that you're probably thinking of, although I do try and update myself by those people who do that reporting, it's actually because I sometimes knock up against them in the digital world just doing these things that they do when they are in that development phase. The people that I've been in a centroid with for some time clearly have a lot of alt right sympathy or crossover. There are already fight clubs of young men and middle-age men which have been developing for some time, with enough time to have at least gotten rid of some of the chub that they need to pose a physical threat. (Although FYI, part of the reason I love rugby, is that technically you can win with any type of body; bring back the days when it was all amateur. 🤣🤣)  

I'm not saying that's what this group that's giving itself in Arabic name and claiming responsibility is, but there are a lot of things about this branding of this group that just seem extremely off.  

If you think that's me backing down from saying that there's a violence risk I need to fucking correct you.  

The general media landscape and the general public understanding has completely primed itself around one specific type of example of violence towards Jewish people, and that narrative has been extended to the point where it no longer has the same sympathy response from the wider public.  

Therefore, this would be the most dangerous time that we have had so far for alt right or mercinary groups to spring up across Europe.  

It would be really helpful if Western politicians in general across Europe could stop doing what is an incredibly Nazi practice, which is to take away more and more of the general public's freedoms, and to put them under more and more surveillance, under the guise of protecting Jews or under the guise of religiously-driven Muslim violence.  

I have no doubt that for most of the people involved in perpetuating these narratives, this is about a job or about money or about a career. I am fucking pleading with you now, to stop this fucking bullshit.  

You are putting huge numbers of people at risk, because the Holocaust never just came for one group of people, the first victims were disabled Germans, many Jews were not picked up as Jews but as "gypsies", and Germany was the forefront of transgender care and research until every scrap of paper, every piece of manuscript, was burned out of othering anyone who was convenient to hate.  

Europe and the UK are currently sleepwalking into a catastrophe, and we should not be so ill-prepared as to not recognise that even if this war was legitimate, a war is always a distraction which can cover for other violence.  

(Like I don't know about you, but I always just found the Reichstag fire was probably a bit fishy, you know?)  

These can be legitimate threats of violence and there can be incident which genuinely come from another source, but they can still be cooped by movements that seek to consolidate total control and total power.  

It should be remembered and noted that there has been a democratically-led pushback on a party which is embodying some of those alt right characteristics. It does not need to come from them at all, for us to look at violence now, and see how that can be hijacked for a narrative that suits people who want to have a completely white country and people who want to weaponise disillusioned young white men.  

I'm about to say something that will piss you off because of how simple and soft it sounds, but I need you to take it very fucking seriously.  

The strongest thing you have to fight back to this, (with the exception of obviously whatever the security services are doing and I trust that they are doing what they need to do,) is to step out as humans, and to stand up in community, and to embody everything that is supposed to be neighbourly love and care in public.  

Do you want to know why that rebel Jesus got crucified?  

It was doing exactly that, under an empire.  

When you show up with openness for other humans and readiness to connect in a way that defies hierarchy, and defies normal boundaries of division, you are a threat to people who want to consolidate power and who want total control and who want to establish an arbitrary hierarchy of people.  

You are so threatening to them that it does not matter if nothing you do is violent – to them you are a terrorist.  

Continuing democratic accountability and pushback is part of this, and deliberately building bridges and deliberately standing up for each other is a shitload more powerful than you fucking think it is.  

You don't think it's powerful because you have been taught that anything that looks feminine – and this has been taught to you to look feminine – is weak.  

Bullshit.  

It takes a pair of balls like iron domes to love across barricades in a time like this, and so you would be well-advised to put your fears about looking too girlish to one side.  

---

Also am I the only person who saw that CCTV footage and immediately thought of the CCTV footage of the Muslim family who had the pigs head hung on their gate?  

Maybe I'm not remembering this properly, but there was something about the way it was executed by the people and how they addressed that just seemed a bit... weirdly similar.  

---

[🇬🇧: Oh look THE WHITE PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO PUT MORE PROTEST RESTRICTIONS IN. Who could have predicted.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxpH2tD/)  

---

[🇬🇧: I guess Wigan Council really feel like the letters to the Asterley Warehouse Action and Zoë Bread were a great way to deal with the problem, now.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxp3HxV/)  

It's also very interesting because you basically get to see the spectrum of problems that local people have with housing, planning applications, and their general impressions of how their councils are run.  

It's always worth bearing in mind that people are operating of the best knowledge that they have, so it's not to say that what they're saying they want is necessarily what will give them what they functionally want, but they're requesting what they think they need on their best knowledge, so it tells you what they're concerned about or what they've met in the past as being big issues.  

Like if you walk into a doctor's surgery and you say that you need a certain medicine, and that's not the medicine that you need, it's still tells us what you're concerned about, what your understanding of the problem is, what you've been told about the problem before, and what kind of solution you're looking for.  

"Listen to the patient: he is telling you the diagnosis."  

[A useful point to note is that this may be an LGA participating in a pilot scheme around business rates; this often puts an additional set of stakeholders in the mix when discussing any single issue.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxpcRtM/)  

[So honestly? I don't think these people are going to give up, now their entire home environment has been taken over by this very stressful event.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxs7Gya/)  

---

[🇩🇪: Germany invests in Thiel-related company, completely missing that he's pretty dedicated to this accelerationist stuff.](https://youtube.com/shorts/TTirRW24GLo?si=iwTchcsIOl-6CqYA)  

No one's saying "don't defent yourself"; we're saying he believes fairly strongly in burning thevworld down to start again despite rationality.  

I miss the days when Elon going to Mars and not using the money to solve world hunger was the worst bit.  

And Gaza is still starving, because COGAT are still in breach of Jewish religious law, which underpins Western moral law alongside Greek-derived principles of ethics.  

And I was born on the cusp of the free world you all created when you tore down the last wall stopping democracy. 🙄🤦‍♀️  

Honestly there's just a top tier sliver of mostly men that we just need to cap the assets of and put on the naight step for a few hours.  

30 mins will honestly sort most of them out.  

---

[🇬🇧: Actually a fair more meaningful question that it appears on the surface, for the entire public.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxsX12E/)  

It's also why throwing money and servers at government data without hearing from the frontline first *will not work*.  

---

I feel like I'm really close to going on a rant about how IRCG ≠ Islamist or jihadist.  

Please can we put our "acknowledge that Muslims are not all one heterogenous group" hats on.  

The more we accept this, the more black-and-white thinking is normalised, so yes it harms diaspora Jews too.  

Neither group is one big "they" who are all the same as each other.  

But you know, accuse them of all their cooking being the same. I'm sure that'll go down as well on Eid as it will at a Seder.  

---

[Answer re Cyprus runway strike is too rehearsed, with some specific individual tells that he was focussed to give it.](https://youtu.be/Sc4NHZo5EQ8?si=1V0RcK8Ev-mAsyHX)  

The answer, generally, about defence spending, could do with some additional probing; there is sone real nailing to the wall that is possible on specifics, here.  

Which, yes, both main parties have been involved in, but individual MPs may differ.  

This is why we love backbenchers – they're the only ones who get anything done.  

Any well-rounded PM could point out that Civitas was a policy vehicle that supported austerity-era politics, and as defence is a broad public service, preparedness had been limited for over a decade in line with those values. An appropriately briefed PM can then bring in figures which give the grit and reality to what needs to be nailed down to satisfy the Liaison Committee.  

Bro just needs a good EA team, and to listen to them over partisan interests.  

The answers are too rhetorically primed without the suvbtance required.  

We need to raise the bar with politicians and officials across the board. We can't keep going like this.  

---

I'm also just processing the fact that whilst the genocide against Palestinians is still going on, Germany has rescinded at support of the State of Israel in the case brought by South Africa, and you have this drone company contract in Germany, and you have this attack in Golders Green all happen in a very tight cluster.  

It's just a lot to be getting on with.  

It's also not uncommon that these pivotal points show up while lots of things change in a short period, especially when we're looking at risk matrixing, and the sequence of downstream decisions that comes out of certain legal changes.  

---

[🇬🇧: During this time of the weird and eerie, I am so thankful for people who do this type of critical thinking content, rather than just have the narrative run away from itself, so while a lot of this is speculating (as I do, as a lot of us do fairly naturally), in the presence of key unkowns, I'm still thankful that we have some level-headed rather than motivated, vested, conspiracy talk. This actually helps calm down the genuinely problematic conspiracy talk that can crop up.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxG6b7R/)  

That might sound paradoxical, but humans are curious and they sus put when things don't seem like they make logocal sense, so I'm glad that there are people who are handling this with compassion towards individuals and communities, and looking at systems levels.  

You may think the, "why would they do that?" is dismissive, but a key effect of it is to ribbish the idea that targeting communitoes in that way is ever a sensible thing to do. This is a stronger protective measure than you think.  

---

The MOJ, again, has claimed that they have absolutely no responsibility to deal with the data problem that I have reported to them; apparently it is my problem that I went to politicians to ask, "please can I not have child pornography based on the actual testimony I gave a trial out in the Internet space?", because I shouldn't have been asking politics to influence justice.  

If you are a woman in this country and you're not filthy rich, there is no way to protect your data once you report right to the police.  

Expect to be sexually harassed for the rest of your life.  

My trial reference is TO132667. this trial is a sealed rape case, because I was told that I wasn't allowed to have it in public. It happened in Newcastle Crown Court, and it happened on the week of my birthday in 2022.  

Yes, the government wanted me to talk about my rape as an eight-year-old over my birthday.  

I waited four years for that trial.  

I have been sexually harassed since then, and after October 2023, as a Jewish woman, I have experienced significant harassment and significant disorder to all of my data held by the government. This has included sexualised harassment and it has included elements which are contained in that trial.  

I have asked reasonable questions of anyone who might have research and development interest in that data, and the best that I got told from asking those questions was that I was the crazy one.  

I can't post screenshots of what I've seen online, because I'd be posting CSAM.  
Does anyone have any better ideas?  

This has already gone to the ICO.  
This has already gone to HMCTS.  
This is already gone to my MP.  
This is already gone to Cabinet Office.  
This is already gone to the Prime Minister.  
This has already gone to the Royal Household.  

Obviously alongside that, about 20 to 30 different data controllers and processor have been approached to see whether or not this is a data processing issue, whether this is a research and development issue, to see whether or not any data bridges have been used accidentally in this process.  

Someone somewhere in this country understands what happened to a Jewish woman's rape testimony in 2022, which meant that she got a much worse experience after October 2023 when we used rape as a narrative tool, I don't know who that is but they need to start talking.  

And the insensitivity of sending that email today, I imagine may have been nudged; that wasn't a timeline date, for that department.  

I don't know who hates Jewish women this much, who I haven't already talked about.  
I am asking someone else to fucking handle this. I am at my limit. I literally do not have any more capacity to do this as a private citizen.  

I desperately need help from anyone who can get me in touch with a lawyer or can help from a media point of view, and I literally have no idea.  

I just think it's pretty shocking that that is what is considered the normalised experience of someone going through that in this country in 2026, and some of you have the fucking gall to say that you give a shit about women's rights or you give a fuck about children.  

I don't want to hear the bullshit. I want the problem fixed.  

how is not having pornographic imagery of you as a child exist online? This fucking hard, when it's supposed to be government data that it was derived from? How is that difficult?  

I just don't understand which procurement contract has gone wrong, I don't understand why there are people who can't just admit to a fuck up.  

I'm not saying every letter I've sent has been when I've been in the best state of mind, but I've tried really fucking hard to work with People and I've tried really hard to be as pleasant as possible, when I'm literally decried one of the most horrific things that could happen to you.  
Like... what topsy-turvy world are we living in? 🤣🤣🤣  

I am laughing, but on some level, I'm just dead inside.  

The actual deadline which exists at the moment is too cold, one is for Derbyshire Constabulary to remember that it owes me a rest data so that I can conceptualise what was going on, because I feel from the questioning that some of the information might have been inaccurate that the arrest was based on, it was also an arrested was not compliant with the police in criminal evidence act in several respects, and then in addition, I'm asking for Palantir and Metropolitan Police to disclose records.  

There are a whole list of very strange pieces of correspondence that I've had with this particular call back for evidence, but that's the key ones that could have triggered a systemS-based nudge to MOJ.  

This is why I keep talking about the frankenstack, because the UK frankenstack is incredibly complicated, and to some extent it is possible that processes in one place can have a knock-on effect on processes somewhere completely different.  
I have made it extremely clear that I'm happy to work with people on their systems issue; I have always been treated extremely cruelly after ever stating that.  

I'm glad that whoever is running victim services and advocacy in government, loves survivors that much and respect us *so* much.  

I'm prepared to bet so much money that this is led by a small clutch of male lawyers.  

[But for context: Nottingshire Police are like this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxtQPb2/)  

You can't make this shit up.  

[And EMPLS? "Too small" to have a board. So we never really know who it is.](https://www.derbyshire-pcc.gov.uk/Document-Library/Partnership/Police-Collaboration/EMPLS-Summary-230420.pdf)  

Oversight in the Riverlands? Pffft.  

[This is Derbyshire Police.](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-12757843/The-police-force-appalling-record-protecting-women-stalkers-Gracie-Spinks-latest-woman-let-Derbyshire-Police-catalogue-failures-four-murdered-2004.html)  

So yeah...  

Consider where you feel comfortable, having your daughters get their degrees. No certificate is gained if she doesn't comply.  

---

[🇬🇧: Firstly, sir, why only "anti-Semites" that are not UK citizens? Do I get to be on the panel? Half of you will lose your jobs, bro 🤣🤣🤣](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxGtJNJ/)  

This is such a dangerous conversation to have when we are literally in the midst, and had been in the midst for some time, of assessing how appropriate the definition of antisemitism was.  

I'm going to be honest with you I don't even like that word to begin with. The word was made by anti-Jewish people. It's literally the word that was used by race pseudoscientists, to justify the deportation and then the mass murder of Jewish people. I'm not a big fan.  

To see it used now as an excuse for deportation, especially in the context that the countries who are increasing their deportation measures are also now murdering enough of their citizens in that process that it is starting to look a little bit like different things we have seen in history, is really painful.  

I don't know why you will keep doing this, if you say you like Jewish people.  

You are creating an environment where we are closely associated with the loss of civil liberties, and to me, that looks like some Nazi shit.  

Please stop doing it.  

A lot of you do this in policy in politics and it is very frustrating. I'm not saying that you necessarily realise that it looks Nazi, but it looks fucking Nazi.  

When people get frustrated with where these policies end up, when they get frustrated that they still hasn't improved their lives and still hasn't addressed their cost-of-living, who are they most likely to associate it with?  

Exactly.  

Now stop doing it.  

---

[🇬🇧: Casual footage of Reform UK security using force to move someone on a mobility scooter. Do you even health and safety, bro?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxtwLfW/)  

A lot to say about why this just makes disabled people even angrier, but another time.  

---

[🇩🇪: The announcement from Germany re rescinding support for SoI from the President.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxtX74y/)  

This has a different edge to it than a Chancellor announcement; this siggests theor government's legal team is making the decision over politics.  

Given the degree of investment Germany historocally had as a sort of "slush fund" or "guarantor" status, this is extremely meaningful.  

---

My feed is now half-filled with a soup of conspiracy-theory-esque coverage. Oyy.  

---

[🇬🇧: The way Britosh people look at Japanese and think it's weord to have to learn grammar which indicates politeness... WE LITERALLY DO THE SAME THING.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxtonbk/)  
This could literally be one or two sentences on each side. If the politicians are also keen on efficiency, perhaps they would like to cut out some of what is arguably the cultural necessity and ritual of how to do parliament.  

That's what you're doing to every other part of government by introducing things like AI, so how would it be any different here?  

If the answer you are looking for is, "this is a meaningful part of social human life", it's okay you can say that.  

You will just also need to respect that being the answer across the rest of government.  

---

[🇬🇧: This is a good example of why we are facepalming having to fight this story online as British Jews out here in the wild, not attached to the response chain.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxnTSHQ/)  

Because: I can't validate or contest accuratly what was happening with the fleet (re the tweet quoting ChatGPT). I can't give a reasonable explaination for the NYC coverage, unless what I'm seeing is the consequences of diaspora GCs.  

I also don't feel that it's unfair to say that it feels deliberate coming from the government perspective, and I've watched enough of this created to know that that's probably where he is coming from.  

I think what's really difficult is that we have been putting ourselves in the firing line for those conversations as Jewish people outside of more mainstream Jewish politics, and so certainly from my perspective it feels like I'm quite isolated, and I'm just not able to be more helpful but at the same time these kind of events caused so much anxiety because we know what it looks like, and we know what the alt right is like.  

There is a really big wound through different parts of the Jewish community at this time, and by being overly involved for their own personal gain, a number of politicians who are not Jewish people, are in many ways making that more complicated to heal.  

It feels like you've gone in saying that you're allies, and by doing so you've steamrolled over the bodies of actual Jewish people to do so.  

if I was really honest with myself, I think that's where a lot of my anger towards non-Jewish people who have become very loud. Voices in defence of specific political groups has come from; in some cases you literally have stepped into the place where we could have been with members of our community in a time that just does hurt us more than it hurts you.  
I never had any reason to believe that in my lifetime is it become something which involves that diaspora whether they want to be involved or not. You are choosing to get involved when you have the free will to be able to walk away. For you to then dominate the space so that some of us get pushed out, and away from the embodied or healing bits of community that we need to feel at this time, is what is cruel about it.  

I'm not saying you're not welcome, but when your actions and your choices, and your power as predominantly white men, is actively getting in the way of some Jewish people being able to be with other Jews at this time, then I would suggest that something about your presence needs to change for it to become healthier.  

---
