[🇬🇧 : The comments sections about ambulances are already getting messy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxySXAU/)  

[So I wrote this and I've included the likely next talking point about women praying at Trafalgar Square.](../../../Metadata_Sabotage_Network/Narrative_And_Psych_Ops/🪆_Narrative_Interference/🔥_narrative_air_gaps.md)  

[🇬🇧: You can actually tell where this is hitting and who is already interested in this attack, just by looking at the comments.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxmG6Pd/)  

I'm not saying that there won't be any crossfire from people who are angry at one country or one state in particular who represents itself as the face of Jews across the world, but that isn't who is targeting this and that isn't who has interest in telling people to shut up, or in terrorising the Jewish community.   

It's full of Pepe the frog memes.  

That's not people who want to defend Palestine, that's people who hate Jews because we are Jews.  

That's people who make Hitler jokes.  

That often originates from a very select part of the online space.  

It's such a shame as well because what Wes Streeting is saying would actually be really powerful, if we didn't have a background of that one state having really overused protection of our community as a way to evade reasonable accountability and scrutiny; this speech is actually very appropriate in ordinary circumstances. It's just that it's not going to land the same way in the context of the geopolitics of the last few years.  
I am as irritated as anyone because it would be so easy to trust that this is now all sorted from a rhetorical protection point of view, but the likelihood because of what's been happening, and because no one has dealt with the alt right online, is that essentially we're probably going to be having to do some more messaging about this.  

Let us clarify really quickly that Jewish people do not have special ambulances that take away from the service but refuse to pick up other people, the ambulances should generally always pick up everybody. That's not even in respect your "liberal democracy" shit – it's in respect to the ambulances existing because of Halacha and the same Halacha placing a burden of responsibility on the provider.  

That would be in the Talmud that you are all apparently very scared of, because of the same shit from the same people as are currently putting Pepe the frog memes on all these posts.  

What this is doing is putting these posts further into the algorithm of the alt right, and so what you're going to see is a shift from it being something that people see in reference to normal news or in reference to disagreement with geopolitics, it's going to start to be seen by people who are just "white people are great", and it's going to be used to prop up this nonsense idea that Jews have special rules and that Jews have special services, which is clearly a load of horseshit in this context.  

The difficulty that we have currently is that any time somebody denies the apartheid being part of the State of Israel, is that because of what people see and associate with Jews on the news, it's going to be harder to make it clear to them that an apartheid system is not what's going on with the ambulances.  

An apartheid system is *not* what is going on with these ambulances. Calm tf down.  

These ambulances are essentially like any other voluntary ambulance service in the country, that came out of hesitancy by a community that operates on different cultural terms to people who use the regular ambulance services. These ambulances do pick people up who are not part of that community, *because they're a fucking ambulance*, and they don't have special rules and they are essentially paid for completely by the Jewish community local to that service.  

If indeed there are any overlaps between the money passing through any vectors which are associated with a state we all know, this has got more to do with the fact that a lot of the money which underpins every charitable organisation practically in Jewish communities has some funding given to them by charities that are associated with Medinat Israel, and it kind of locks us all into this weird financial cycle. It's very rarely because there is anything particularly political about that particular community group – it's got a lot more to do with how the community funding for community projects works. It's one of the fundamental reasons why it's very difficult to have honest conversations about something which underpins a lot of community finances. This isn't saying that that's a good thing, it's saying that having done the research I can tell you that there are lots of people who do not realise where the charitable grants they access are essentially there to tighten them into a much larger financial system. This is not because of anything inherent about Jewish people and money either, other than about 100 years ago, the people in our community who had a lot of money tended to also support the projects aimed at colonisation abroad. It's not because we secretly run the banks – if we do, the bank running my checking account certainly hasn't found out. Similar structures exist in a lot of communities who have been marginalised for some reason, not just in this country, but in several countries which make up the imperial core. What happens is that you get a small group of people inside a marginalised community being very successful, and the way that they move money around looks very different to how you might if you were part of the normal aristocracy, and then over time you get this ingrained set of financial practices that look a bit weird to the outside. It literally happens in so many communities. The really normal more every day example is the fact that people who are "nouveau riche" and white, also tend to do some really weird stuff with their money, that is not a direct replication of what's come before that.  

Tldr all humans are humans, man. It's not a secret cult thing and there are no secret snacks to pilfer. I am eternally v disappointed about the lack of snack provision tbh.  

Getting into the real element of this which is local people in a local community having had something really shitty happened to them, for this reason and for the reason of who is picking up the comments sections in these clips, there is a very strong risk here that this is alt right led. This lacks the more obvious markers that might lend itself to a attack that brings in a sense of retribution for anything that happens abroad, it is looking a lot more like the old right community is far more involved.  
Please don't take this to be anything that overrides reasonable investigations by relevant authorities, I am not a relevant authority. I am commenting on what I see online having been somebody who has been consistantly very nerdy and Jewish and chronically online.  

I am giving you the Internet culture perspective; none of the rest of it which is extremely valid work that needs to be done is my area of expertise or specialty, and that needs to be handled by the people who have expertise or specialty in that.  

I'm also not saying that there aren't valid complaints in specific communities when you look more broadly, that in some cases these ambulances may be written by people who will have discriminated against other people who live near them and close to them, and I'm not saying that that is not a relevant grievance to have had to voice, but I'm going to note that the instances of that tend to be extremely local and attached to all the issues in local politics, rather than it being to do with this ambulance service as a whole. Just like the rest of you, Jewish people are in fact human beings, and so sometimes some of us are dickheads. Some of us have periods while we've been a bitch about something, some of us fuck up. That is the Jewish community being a bunch of human beings, just like everyone else on the planet.  

[🇬🇧: Example of where the high index of suspicion of Israeli security services overlaps with anger and dehumanisation, so you get the "middle ground" people who are not yet on the Pepe pipeline, but are in progress of radicalisation.](https://youtube.com/shorts/I_qw1QTydIM?si=HbMiabsSSjdgIzkC)  

Talk about it in a bit going to eat something first oy vey.  

This is actually the bit that requires a higher degree of skill, in order to hold the anger which is being externalised as anti-Jewish hatred, whilst also being able to push back against anti-Jewish rhetoric.  

Like, this is more the equivilent of St Johns Ambulance than Magan David Alom, guys.  

It'll pick you up, just orthodox style.  

I'm going to take a guess that the garage was either rejected for planning permission, or space didn't exist, or future planning.  

This is really not a special secret ambulance service, and everyone rushing to call it a false flag works in Israel's favour, not in favour of the Jewish communities in Golders Green.  

[🇬🇧: Contextually improving with time.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx91fyG/)  

The comment which addresses the fact that this isn't really just an attack on the Jewish community it's an attack on a service that Golders Green uses as a whole is actually really powerful, and I imagine very true for that community. Golders Green is less than 40% Jewish. White people perceive that to be a very Jewish area just because you're used to very few of us being in one place. The ambulance should be taking everybody that it's called out to regardless of who you are. There's actually a number of ambulance services like this all over the country. There's quite a few that are attached to medical schools. St John's Ambulance has part of it, which runs on the same kind of idea. We don't actually talk a lot about the fact that dotted around the place, a lot of these services can provide really helpful support to the NHS and they themselves can help carry some of the burden. (Please don't take that to mean that you need to stretch them any further.)  

[🇬🇧: A helpful 101 on what Hatzolah is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx9YqFf/)  

Not gonna lie, I've been spending a lot of time typing out 🤣🤣🤣 to all of the people who are being paid to write shitty comments; I am doing some educational work as well, don't you worry.  

I don't think I put this on that posted it on Substack instead yesterday:  

> “It is usually liberating to actually read the work of GVs and Troll-Masters: from their endless, refined critique, you’re led to believe that what they produce will be the most sophisticated, error-free, immaculate work you could imagine; it’s quite a shock when you actually read it and see how contestable and (often) mediocre it is.  
>
> The alternative to these traps is not the heroic solitary genius, but the network, another reason that Graham’s new book is so important. As Nick Srnicek has been arguing, political theory now has to deal with the question of networks. (Inidentally, one of the reasons that Speculative Realism can contribute so much to political theory is that the areas SR opens up do not come already pre-packed in supersaturated pseudo-political ‘meaning’, as in the exhuasted, dustbowl terrains presided over by trad continental philosophy.) The toxicity of grey vampires and trolls is so important to think about because they it is essentially network toxicity. Troll-jouissance is derived precisely from their capacity to corrupt networks – the troll’s usual MO is enter a thriving network and destroy it by diverting all its energy to dealing with them. The grey vampire, as ever, is more subtle – and, for that reason and for so many others, more dangerous. They sap the network’s energy, not only by defending trolls, but by also defending equivocation itself, by construing any decision or determinate position as oppressive (deconstruction is a grey vampire pathology). Their preferred model for discussion is the fruitless combat of the comments box/ discussion board ‘debate’. This is the energy-swamp of web 2.0; but other kinds of network can grow here too.”  
> 
> Mark Fisher. k-punk: Break through in the grey lair. 2009.
> https://k-punk.org/break-through-in-grey-lair/

There is this really interesting conversation where the two of them are basically talking in response to each other over their own individual blogs on WordPress. They're having this long conversation about how the way in which comment sections are used in the way that that engagement tool is used is functioning online and the best ways to kind of stop to look at it and categorise it and manage it.  

I'm not saying I'm perfect by any stretch of the imagination but this is why I find common sections very interesting, in the sense that you can diffuse a lot of racial hatred very quickly, and it's where a lot of of the racial hatred flourishes and intensifies, and acts as a vector for radicalisation to broader society.  

It's why Jeff and Ghislaine were all up in the /pol/ board chats. Weirdos.  

This targeting happens across lots of communities online; it also includes women and also includes trans people.  

I think people wonder why I laugh at some of the questions and comments that get asked before I give bits of a response, and it's because I know I'm not going be able to educate people on the whole thing in one go. I am also unapologetically taking away their sense of power, because that's the only reason that normal people are going to end up joining in with this; most people aren't that racist, but a lot of people can get on a bandwagon if there's a scapegoat that they are allowed to poke at, or a group they don't understand.  

So yeah, I'll laugh at them.  

And if you're wondering why it's not grossly humiliating but more of a banter type poke? Some of them will actually start to listen. Not an immediately, not today. It just means that now there is "another side" argument in their heads for some dumb shit they were told online.  
A lot of people you can tell from the comments have kind of taken one little thing and really run with it, partly because what they're seeing something inflammatory in early comments from alt right bot farms (and the human equivalents), and it hasn't been challenged further.  

Weirdly, if it's possible, it would actually be nice to leave the comments open on posts which had a sort of "explainer" element. ((This is obviously my own opinion and I'm not saying that it's everyone's opinion and I'm not saying that it's the best way to do things because there's maybe limitations in what I understand.)) The reason I would choose to leave the comments open is so that if somebody's got some antisemitic shit that they believe, I'd rather have them actually say it in a section like that, so that it can generally be addressed by another video. This doesn't mean that you get to make everyone not-a-racist, but it does allow you to communicate basic concepts to as much of an audience as possible so that there's enough people who will inevitably end up policing the people who are being *really* racist. They'll do that because they will eventually just start to see it as more of a problem to the social contract, if those people are ultimately just there to insult people.  

Basically: humans will police the vibes, if you give them the tools to. You don't need to put anything fancy in the mix for the humans to police the vibes.  

Mostly, humans want to maximise eating berries and vibing; most of us will maximise for that being the eternal situation, so we can be surprisingly self-sufficient given the right environment.  

It also just makes sense that if the reason that it's been treated as counterterrorism or a hate crime or whatever, is because of this early claim by a particular group, it would be really helpful that that's just said up front, because that sounds a bit like it's been pushed into a certain category by process.  

I also don't think it's unfair at all for people to be calling out the fact that in the Muslim community in the UK there's been something that looks so obviously to be a hate crime, and which causes a sense of terror and a sense of fear in ordinary people, when we talk about the woman who was run over by a car. I don't think it's unfair at all for Muslim people to be saying that they want that to be covered better. If it is the case that people as individuals don't want to have their story exposed, and that's the reason for holding the press, then that would also be good to explain from a policing point of view, and this could easily be rolled out as a more overarching piece about anti-Muslim bigotry in the UK.  

None of this is hard. We are just in the habit of dealing with all this in a way that doesn't really help community cohesion, and some of you don't really know what to do about trolls online.  
That's cool. We can teach that.  
There's a million different ways of doing this, that works for different personalities and different ways in which the Internet engages and for how different companies wish to present themselves.  

I was going to explain why I didn't do it so much during the last few years, but actually I was doing this pretty early on because I see it as a place for teaching about antiracism, not about individual groups.  

I had so much fun and continue to have so much fun laughing at people who genuinely think that I own all the banks.  

My brother, I wish. 🤣🤣🤣  

[🇬🇧: This is good, but I'm still confused "why Iran", so I suspect there's gonna be a lot of pick up for false flag being in the comments there, because some people are essentially running on a form of traumatic stress as a result of having watched a genocide live streamed for several years, to the point where that is going to be their first knee-jerk response.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx9hhUQ/)  

Interestingly, there are then comments from any more Israeli-led pov which are pointing at Hamas, with Iran as a proxy. V Project Esther logic.  

I think this is a really good example case of how distorted the media has become because of how the narrative warfare has happened over the last few years.  

[🇬🇧: You can see how the degree of shittiness of comments decreases and is less volumnous over time, after some targeted pressure.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx96Hkh/)  

You are just going to still get some people asking the question of "why the ambulances are for the Jewish community", because the way in which people are hearing the headline makes it sound like it's for exclusive use. (It's not; if you come across something that sounds off, that should be reported as if it were NHS or SJA, no?)  

---

[🇬🇧: Also Matt "Badloss" Goodwin apparantly looked at our Breitbart Britain review and thought "I'll piss my money up the wall for a bit of that".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxyALfV/)  

Badloss has published a book previously, and academic papers ought to exist, so the style comparison can be made; there are proper sciencey ways to do this beyond just quote-lifting.  

All of this could be fixed by men just admitting that yes, they do want attention, but no, they don't want us to use the word "cute".  

We literally just need you to acknowledge you are humans why is this so hard.  

---

[🇹🇷/🇺🇸: How has the drone supposed to have gotten there? Do you treat it as non-intentional or what?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxyUdko/)  

---

Part of the reason that demonstrating exhaustion of a system's apparant mechanism for redress is important, is not because there is much satisfaction to be gained from showing that multiple options for exit were given, rather that one can then provide evidentiary support to assert that the system has failed by its current arrangement.  

Today is the final working day for the data processor to comply, then the whole thing can be bundled for the ICO.  

I would significantly prefer to discuss this less formally and negotiate contractually. It's looking a bit unlikely.  

---

[🇬🇧: A third of the founder vote, therefore a sixth of total voting power, comes from a man who said Greta Thunberg was the antichrist.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxyckWK/)  

I don't think Starmer is our biggest fish to fry, tbqh.  

---

[🇺🇸: The Epstein files also just became more like, "the sex trafficking where Epstein was one of many" files, so don't let anyone narrow it to single men.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxyQa8a/)  

This came from the accountancy portion; always follow the money of the wealthy, because it is where they are most honest about their intentions.  

---

[🇬🇧: "McSweeney’s phone containing texts to Mandelson ‘was stolen’; Key exchanges between former No 10 chief of staff and disgraced peer may never be disclosed, it is feared"](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2026/03/22/morgan-mcsweeney-phone-texts-mandelson-stolen/)  

We all have all our device history and content accessed in real-time, "for national security". You're telling me that no tech company or arm of the security services can give over this data, when it actually does pertain to national security?  

No one had oversight of the Chief of Staff for No10's phone, at all, when he was texting the Amassador/Trade Envoy/Whatever Mandelson was doing to the US?  

*No one at all*? [But the NSA have had access via GCHQ to our texts and whatsapp messages?](https://www.channel4.com/news/intercept-text-messages-spy-nsa-gchq-british-phone)  

[Meanwhile, the CIA's datamining baby just got access to the FCA](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2026/mar/22/palantir-extends-reach-into-british-state-as-it-gets-access-to-sensitive-fca-data), so private banking data can be meshed to our health data and policing data, and political sentiment projections.  

Absolutely nothing to see here, gov.  

---

[🇮🇪/🇬🇧: Irish or English, I think we can all agree, these men are utter eijits.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/reform-robert-jenrick-mps-cookstown-belfast-b2943212.html)  

> The border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland will “be part of the reset” between the EU and UK in the event of a Reform UK government, one of the party’s MPs has said.  
> 
> Danny Kruger told the TUV party conference in Cookstown, Co Tyrone, that his party would “complete the unfinished business of Brexit”, after colleague Robert Jenrick visited Belfast with DUP leader Gavin Robinson.  
>
> Mr Kruger said Reform is not “picking sides” in Northern Irish politics and “supports the commitment of every unionist to sustain the union”.

At no point as anyone actually consulted with any of the people who are impacted by that border or about the trade agreements that changed after Brexit; this is entirely based around English men wanting to control immigration to the United Kingdom.  

+/- some of them are actively having to walk back commemts which would effect Orange Day marches.  

I'm not going to pretend to be the expert on this and really I think this is something where the UK needs to stop just talking out of its arse and actually talk to the people in Northern Ireland and in the Republic of Ireland, all of whom are the people who actually have to live with what's going on with that border.  

there is such an easy gap to fill here for UK politicians who actively want to have this united front against Reform UK.  

All you need to do is not sound like a bunch of English people trying to impose whatever the fuck you want onto people on the island next to us.  

This requires us not only to speak to people who are essentially living in diaspora in England, but also people who are literally there right now, because it's their fucking country (that sentence applies regardless of which of the countries that they live in).  

Essentially all you need to do is to not be Westminster politician about it and appreciate that policies impact local people wherever they are and to allow those local people to speak for themselves. The way that Reform UK are doing this strongly suggests that they have not done that.  

---

I have a question.  

I've just received a response from the Metropolitan police which is essentially a response at the 14 day mark for an evidence preservation notice, which has been added to a subject request which has not yet processed from January.  

Whilst I acknowledge there may be a lawful reason to extend to three months, this has not been declared or relied upon, and whilst I've been given the standard processing for different legal roots, because I don't have that information from the subject access request I am currently unable to comply with that process, but the notice and the obligations are still in situ in regard to the Metropolitan Police Service. This is a little bit tricky because I don't know what their internal processing looks like and so I don't know whether or not people who are in the position of handling the data and processing the data, have actually been reasonably informed that the evidence preservation notice is in force.  

Given the extent of interference with my digital identity and my data, and given the fact that Palantir has still not responded to either of the subject access request nor the evidence preservation notice that it has received, and yet it is a common data processor for several areas, including policing, and given that there are other policing areas where there appear to be irregularities in the data, and yet no data that I can access to be able to look at it as a data subject myself, this is obviously slightly concerning.  

This is frustrating because it essentially delays me being able to go to the Information Commissioners Office with the full evidence packet that I would require in order to challenge the fact that it looks a lot like something has gone very wrong with my data processing.  

This includes disclosures which are criminal to make, and I have spoken before about the fact that even if I were to post them online without any legal advice I may myself be breaching the protectionof data that belongs to the Crown, and theoretically (even if it is very unlikely) I may myself be investigated for that reason.  

This really clearly demonstrates why the data laws we have in situ are not currently fit for service in a digital environment.  

However, my question is about the systems here.  

We are paying an awful lot of money as taxpayers to have all of these additional services handle our data, yet it looks a lot like that at times there are SLAPPs being used by those same services, who are asserting their rights as private companies.  

(It is a very American sort of insistence that a private company ought to be more protected than individuals, and this is where we get into that "it's our fucking island" business. We're not great at being told what to do.)  

In a world where we are using a data processor that was founded by men who include men frequently in Epstein's contact when he was alive, and in this case we are currently discussing data that overlaps with the harm is produced by child sex offenders, it is very disappointing to again just be pushed to the back of the line in terms of responses.  

My question is, if the data processing is going so well, why is it that so many people are having to request their own data, why is it taking so long, and why is it putting so much pressure on the public institutions, but not on their private companies?  

If I were an asshole and I had one of these companies, this would be a really good way to grind down the public data handling satisfaction rates in this country, so that it gets thrown out or that it's basically not enforceable as law.  

I'm not saying everybody who works at Palantir is an asshole, I'm just saying that that is theoretically possible.  

(The data problem, not necessarily the asshole bit. Although I suppose that is also possible.)  

---

[🇬🇧: If anyone wants to watch the PM slightly lose his rag, there is a live of the Commons Liaison Committee.](https://www.youtube.com/live/5i9Rf6nR2vw?si=UdKQntB6DYiVNXQP)  

I find this to be a very interesting sitting, because this is actually exposing what we have at the core.  

Prime Minister-wise, at least. Defence appears to be skirted around a lot.  

This is a very useful example for anyone looking for where and how to "catch" the personality.  

I, for one, am absolutely astonished that no one has ever seriously questioned him, about all of the times that he could've been a stronger opposition. He was in opposition, as Leader of the Opposition, for nearly 10 years.  

Are we really saying that the LotO in this country has absolutely no swing or absolutely no power to push back on what they see as being inappropriate policy?  

Particularly in the contract of what the first Mandelson files cache reveals about Starmer as a manager and as a leader, if I was Leader of the Opposition at this point, all I would be asking every five seconds, or all I would be saying in response, is "you were in opposition for nearly a decade, and led that opposition – why didn't you raise concerns then?"  

For US readers: this is a quarterly panel where MPs from across the government spectrum grill the PM at the time on *anything* that is their job. It is ritualised British political humiliation and it is always *brilliant* to watch.  

What is interesting is that he's stressed enough to see a wider range of code switching. This shows an underlying register that appears more casual, that he has probably been told in the past sounds less "professional", but is arguably a lot more likable.  

This is also one of those committees where you see whoever is PM have to hold the room where they are not the default "head", which is an interesting test of their actual leadership capacity.  

Also always an interesting test of not only knowledge of portfolio, but ability to say, "I don't know", or style of deflection.  

This is fascinating always, because you get to really see from the whole charade, *exactly* how they run their ship, and exactly what their vessel's SWOT looks like. It's very interesting stuff.  

The lack of precision is problematic, for today's session.  

It isn't enough to be led by principles of an ideology of "how" (as in technocracy), without an understanding of the values portion; this inevitabily drifts into fascism or a non-fascist authoritarianism under the current Western economic system.  

It's wuite widely remarked that it's tricky to work out what the PM's values are, and honestly I think we're looking at soneine who is more invigorated by the idea of making a system more efficient, but is not necessarily well-rounded enough to be able to see clearly the texture of human life.  

Maybe he needs to be put on a mandated holiday to a wifi-free island in the Hebrides, idk. Get him to watch some sheep for a week and only take him back one we hands over an attempt at a watercolour.  

Very unclear whether he's ever relaxed in 20 years, that you can almost feel it in your own shoulders to look at him.  

---

I'm just noting that I'm having lots of issues with commits and with loading pages in general today. It doesn't appear to be a signal issue.  

---

[🇬🇧: Jfc someone media train him, please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx9bk2q/)  

[It's giving this.](https://youtube.com/shorts/LXpc1YiXDoQ?si=HC_jwnQ7DW_-tHoa)  

WHY ARE EITHER OF YOU LACKING CLEAR CONFIDENCE ON EITHER OF THESE POINTS?!  

I think we need a rule where the person who's in charge, or anyone with a lot of money and power over what we do, needs to be doomsday-bunker-free.  

I'm just not sure I trust you to make decisions about our future if you're not going to perish with the rest of us if it all goes wrong, you know?  

---

[🇺🇸: Serious question: does he have the capacity to remember new faces?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx97eRt/)  

It's good to be really precise here because we can otherwise slide into a very fascist conversation about eugenics and disability.  

However, there is this element of to what extent is he fronting something where he's just being used as the shield?  

It's really unclear if he is actually remembering a meeting he had in the recent past or not, and so when people say he's lying, there's potentially an argument to be made that maybe he isn't genuinely trying to deceive anyone, but is just automatically running his mouth.  

Idk. V weird.  

There is an argument to be made that anyone should be able to do a job if they have reasonable adjustments, and so for the sake of argument if you had somebody who had an extremely specific stroke in specific territory and they needed a prompt cube but they were very aware of that and they knew when they needed to use it, that would be a very different medical situation to what *may* be what we're seeing in the US president.  

This also doesn't mean he can't take accountability for his actions, it just raises a bit of a concern but his capacity for decision decision-making in the current time period, and because of that it raises a bit of a question about the people around him and their ethical compass or lack thereof. Actively supporting and putting someone in that position would be a type of elder abuse, and whilst I'm not saying that he deserves to have a great time because of what he's done in the past, I still don't think it makes it okay to perpetuate the behaviour. It's certainly not stopping a cycle of violence, if that were to be what's happening.  

Idk I always feel very uncomfortable when it's presented very clearly.  

---

[These](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2026/03/21/national-trust-fights-chancellor-protect-bats-newts-nuclear/) [are](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nature-security-assessment-on-global-biodiversity-loss-ecosystem-collapse-and-national-security) [related](https://www.forbes.com/sites/rrapier/2026/03/01/beyond-oil-the-strait-of-hormuz-and-the-global-food-risk/) [items.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/rrapier/2026/03/01/beyond-oil-the-strait-of-hormuz-and-the-global-food-risk/)  

We're going to need a minister for farming and the countryside at this rate. 🤦‍♀️  

[Can the politics lot please review the KS3 biology topics of habitats, ecosystems, and food chains? Thx.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize/topics/zxhhvcw)  

You don't eat the bats, but the bats are part of the whole.  

[Bats are like bees who eat bugs instead of making honey.](https://www.bats.org.uk/about-bats/why-bats-matter)  

(UK bats not so much with the bee bit. More the "eats bugs" bit.)  

Also what's the point of having kids if you can't freak them out by taking them to listen for bats in late October?  

(Maybe this was local to where I grew up idk.)  

[Apparantly this is an area needing further study. I am so ready to be a bat lady.](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/370608873_Pest_suppression_by_bats_and_management_strategies_to_favour_it_a_global_review)  

More bats >> less fertiliser >> less LNG  

I cannot see how any of this relates to any of the current news.  

All wildlife contributes to essential minerals and salts moving through emvironmemtal cycles, famously the nitrogen cycle, and the water cycle.  

I cannot see how either water or a component on NPK could possibly impact food supply....  

It is a mystery.  

---
