[I don't know how the transfer of information happens, and I don't know which is the chicken or the egg, regarding policy makers and HOM, but it does nof take any expertise to look at the countries and the data, to understand that this is an abhorrent rejection of international refuge and migration norms that we ourselves created.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cx2jy74895eo)  

This will simply shift the same applications to become asylum applications, putting the same people onto a subcontracted track, so that the private sector can exploit the generous procurement contracts further, whilst breaking those people down further and shifting narrative risk to them only, away from government. This will make it harder for community cohesion. It will ingrain any trauma from things like genocide survival, and the main benefactor is any policy maker or senior civil servant who forsees a provate career once they depart their currenr role.  

We don't have to have the asylum process or any of the visa processes be this brutal. It is a choice.  

People with power or capital or both, do tgis as an extension of the same cruelty that denies farmers subsidies, that denies water as a public good, that gives you another prison but not another park, and that keeps making their friends rich whilst yours get another bill to pay.  
This is the 1%, bleeding a little more from the rest if us; we are all the same dross to them, all a resource to be squeezed dry.  

If you want to stop the trafficking of people on small boats, you need to take financial incentives away drom the people who own weapons factories and the people who process us like factory farm hens.  

Allowing the treatment of people in this regard, to be this inhumane, sets a standard which says you can treat all of us like a resource to exploit and use up and toss aside once we cannot give anything more.  

The 1% need some boundaries; it is pertinant to remind them that this system is only this complex so they can get rich. Take back our taxes from being made into capitalist profit, tax the owners of the bomb makers who worsen the root causes, and put every penny back into community and welfare spending, so that we can improve *everyone's* lives.  

When you give them consent to treat migrants as less than people, you give them consent to fine reasons you don't need to be considered fully human, either.  

Do not give anyone consent to degrade you this thoroughly.  

People who make politics like this would put your children back down the mines if there was enough coal left to claw back a profit; do not allow them to convince you that their disrespect for human life is normal. It is not.  

---

[Speaking of grifting off our racism...](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2026/mar/03/half-reform-voters-believe-non-white-british-citizens-forced-encouraged-leave)  

This is how to start a Holocaust; when you give men with power permission to make some people illegal and deport them, in time, you allow them to later find reasona that you are illegal, too, and so you will bot be able to complain when one day, they get rid of you.  

---

> "I spent my whole life making somebody rich –  
> I busted my ass for that son of a bitch.  
> And he left me to die like a dog in a ditch.  
> He told me I'm all used up.  
>  
> He used up my labour, he used up my time.  
> He plundered my body and squandered my mind.  
> And gave me a pension of handouts and wine,  
And told me I'm all used up.  
>  
> My kids are in hock to a god you call 'Work' –  
> Slaving their lives out for some other jerk,  
> And my youngest in 'Frisco just made shipping-clerk;  
> He don't know I'm all used up.  
>  
> Some young people reach out for power and gold,  
> And they don't have respect for anything old;  
> For pennies they're bought, for promises sold.  
> Someday they'll be used up.  
>  
> They use up the oil, they use up the trees.  
> They use up the air and they use up the seas.  
> But how about you, friend, and how about me?  
> What's left, when we're all used up?  
> 
> I'll finish my life in this crummy hotel.  
> It's lousy with bugs and my G-d, what a smell.  
> But my plumbing still works and I'm clear as a bell.  
> Don't tell me I'm all used up.  
>  
> Outside my window the world passes by,  
> It gives me a handout, then spits in my eye,  
> And no one can tell me, 'cause no one knows why:  
> I'm still living, but I'm all used up.  
>  
> Sometimes in a dream I sit by a tree.  
> My life is a book of how things used to be.  
> Kids gather 'round and they listen to me...  
> They don't think I'm all used up.  
>  
> And there's songs and there's laughter and things I can do,  
> And all that I've learned I can give back to you!  
> And I'd give my last breath just to make it come true...  
> And to know I'm not all used up."  

[🎶](https://youtu.be/4M2ABPpp1vY?si=hbcNj8y5BvRUkYX8)  

---

[Suing for a right of reply is the most North American way to conduct one's business; I doubt the Europeans will find this attracrive, so I have to ask if this is now an item of scrutiny in the continent of origin.](https://europeanjournalists.org/blog/2026/02/17/switzerland-us-analytics-firm-takes-republik-magazine-to-court/)  

This is the never ending loop of capitalists; once you have enough wealth there is always a man with papers ready to make money from your loses.  

Sounds altogether rather stressful, tbqh.  

I'm just not convinced that the billionaires truly enjoy being billionaires, quite honestly.  

This is why the greater recognition of journalism that specialises in transparency work, and a wider spectrum of weighting bias represented across press outlets, operates as a counterweight to strengthen democracy, [and as they've done so much work relating to this company, as well as others, this is why Declassified UK getting its press pass in parliament is very important.](https://youtube.com/shorts/QyQ27sc2-9w?si=W5M0xIFCh6P9MjMY)  

Democracy only works if you balance things out. There is this interesting quote that was referenced by an interviewer once, regarding Palantir, and it suggested that the founders applied a something called a traditional German approach to their business; in other words, they tolerated and benefited from the fact that they have very different approaches. Democracy is not unlike that, although this idea of the spectrum being entirely in two dimensions is a little limiting.  

---

I'm so used to everything being so horrific, but I didn't actually realise that this was a good news video, but [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmYDhpG/) is a child reuniting with her father in the West Bank, and the impact which that has is crystal clear.  

We shouldn't want a world by that degree of nervous system release is even something a child is familiar with; while the reunification is a wonderful thing, you can hear the tightness in the distress coming out, and we shouldn't want to world where children have to know that feeling.  

Please note that if you're coming at this like I am, as an English speaker who doesn't speak Arabic, the phrase "May G-d take revenge on them", is the literal translation, and the Christian and Jewish equivalent phrasing would be something like, "leave it to G-d", or "may Heaven deal with them", respectively; sometimes the English subtitles are being generated for an audience that understands the literary context, so when we watch as people who speak English as a first language, but we lack the context of that phrase as a commonplace insertion under duress, we have to remember that it's not necessarily translated in a way in which we would use that English in a conversation. All three Abrahamic religions have this principle of deterring from personalised vengeance, and promoting the idea of allowing the higher power to deal in that portion of justice where we feel wronged.  

If you are Jewish and wondering why I am being so precise, please see also Kol Nidre and the Spanish inquisition; I think it's important that we understand where people are coming from, when it would be so easy to misinterpret them.  

---

[If we're being fair, the Ambassador is just someone who is quite physically imposing in a way that he can't help.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmYEfxw/) He does that thing that very tall quite well set people do where they're trying to soften their frame a little bit for you, he is just quite an imposing guy. It's not a bad thing, but it is quite surprising when you first come up to him, because it's quite unusual to have people have that sort of gentle giant persona in UK politics anymore.  

That, and I too would probably be that nervous if I had the history of actions and statement statements prior to the Prime Minister in that situation.  

I'm going to note upfront that we have to allow people to have all of the range of different feelings that they have in respect to seeing that encounter. It is completely fine and okay if people are very angry or reject it or don't want to see it or feel that it's hypocritical or whatever. This is one of those times where the analytics team needs to take the day off, and just let people be people. Sometimes human anger is healthy and normal and completely rational in context.  

---

A list of people who are coming out against the US Israel strikes is getting even more interesting. We've had I believe the CEO of Blackwater, and now we've got Chuck Schumer. Whilst the lobby money is pretty extensive throughout the US legislature, Schumer is known as very much in involved in AIPAC, and say the rejection of this in particular is quite unusual.  

That does appear to be this pivot point, weather support that you might otherwise have appears to be fracturing, which obviously only means that we need to either maintain or apply further the pressure. (Do you want to think I'd ever recommend easing up?)  

The reason that I won't ease up, is specifically in this case because this looks an awful lot like a continuation and expansion of a genocide, combined with an ideological extremist holy war perpetrated by Western powers, in part for all of the trading reasons and the oil reasons, but also in part because the men involved want to avoid accountability in their domestic territories.  

Esther would never.  

---

[Regarding interesting aspects of Iranian military decentralisation of orders.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm2hY8b/)  

I just want to add that, especially if a leader is aging, with or without any long-term illness thry might have, there are a lot of very personal human reasons why people decide to stay at home, and also some very political ones, if someone is so invested in their ideology that they genuinely believe very wholly in the political project that they have grown. As comparisons, we can look at either how Gadaffi travelled, or we can look at how is Europeans be process the times where we didn't have a moment of "the captain going down with the ship"; lots of men who reach this level of power get very narrative about every aspect of their life and their death. It's a luxury most of us can't afford, but when you're the executive ultimate leader of an authoritarian government, you do have that luxury.  

There can be a mixture of good military tactics, and also there can be a mixture of ego in there as well. Part of the reason that this current military action is going the way it's going, it is because the West has orientalised Iran so much, but it can't see it as it's equal rhetorically. That's a really bad idea if you are genuinely in a position where you feel threatened by a state, because you run a high risk of grossly misunderstanding them, and grossly underestimating them.  

The West inability to address its own widespread bias based on racial realisation, is currently proving to be one of its biggest tactical failures; I don't give a shit whether or not you want to call yourself woke or not - your insistence on this ridiculous identity is currently costing us lives, both in terms of civilian lives in the Middle East, and our own military personnel in the West. This is how dangerous ignorance is; the fact that so many people have willed it to be so, makes a mockery of western liberal democracy.  

---

[Do you want some Persian psychedelic rock that was criminalised under the Islamist revolutionary regime? Of course you do.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm2663g/)  

I also really need Westerners to pay attention to the fact that we have chosen to make the words, Islamist and Islamic be so close phonetically, but they are two *very* different meanings.  

It's like looking at the Christianity that means that you care for the people in your community who don't have secure housing and don't have enough money to buy food, and the "Christianity" that for some reason makes you talk about nuclear bombs.  

*Remember who you are.*  

---

[I almost want to make a leaderboard, of every central third-way party in Europe, and whatever state of address to the nation they've made.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm2Dg3p/)  

Emmanuel is using the kind of rhetoric that translates to where we were when we went to Iraq. So that's great. 🫠  

We can see his country from ours, so it is slightly concerning that he might be positioning France this way.  

---

[I would like to address this, as well, because it is very true that Iran does position itself against the West, and because of where we have put our alliance in historically, it does mean that they conceive of our country as well as many others as being adversaries.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm2YRHT/)  

It is very true that the IRGC posed an active military risk from a UK perspective, and in that regard, this neoliberal and neoconservative idea that Iran has a military force oppositional to the West and to NATO, is well grounded.  

However, the reason we still have diplomatic negotiations is because realistically, whenever you go into a scenario where you use military power, everyone is going to have to spend resources. This means that a lot of people in leadership positions, who talk a good talk when it comes to political masculinity, will also be hesitant to spend their resources if there is not a need to, in order for them to advance their own terms. This doesn't mean every negotiation comes out fantastically for everyone, it means that it is like a business negotiation and often military forces used as the threat in order to achieve the wider negotiation.  

What usually lowers the bar to starting military action, or to escalating existing military action, is a degree of extremism or radicalisation on the part of that leadership.  

The UK and NATO, as well as the EU, as well as the Five Eyes partnership, all of these different alliances have put themselves in a very dangerous position, by not intervening in a stronger way when Israel escalated its genocide of the Palestinian people, where it took military action in an illegal manner within the already illegally occupied Palestinian territories. The occupation is illegal, the aggression was illegal, international laws were broken on the very outset of "war", and were continued to be ground down overtime.  

By not resisting the genocide of one of its allies, every country in those treaties has put itself into a very difficult position, where there is no clear "right" answer for what they do next, in the terms of traditional warfare from a European or North American lens.  

The conflict in Iran cannot be decoupled from that genocide, and the concerns that many countries in that region, including but not limited to the authoritarian regime that is the government of Iran, had in regard to Israel's unchecked aggression towards Palestinians, nor can this be fully decoupled from the previous Gulf Wars that saw the West go on fairly thin pretenses to different sovereign territories, which had authoritarian regimes, like Iraq and Afghanistan.  

It's really important to keep in mind how it would feel, if we were under some sort of authoritarian regime here, and Germany or France just walked in and decided they were going to bomb us, in order to give us the freedom and democracy that we clearly want. Regardless of how much we may hate our leadership, to assume that we would be fully welcome of that is quite a dangerous assumption to make.  
I think, however, having conversations like this, and stations like LBC taking calls like this, is very useful to us democratically, because they start to give us the platform to discuss these issues in wider detail. this is particularly important in a scenario where we have had lots of people see and listen to a lot of misinformation and disinformation over the course of many years. algorithm siloing which really heightened in how dangerous it was during and after the pandemic, means that a lot of us in the same country are not only not speaking from the same place, but quite often we are very unaware of the opinions that each other holds, and the information that we have all individually been exposed to.  

Iran did have a military presence, which we ought to had some concern to observe and prepare in response to, and yes absolutely their government is horrific, however, there were so many other ways to do this, even if we wanted to take military action, and diplomatic relations are part of a much wider picture that we were involved in.  

It's not a secret that the UK, as well as other NATO countries, have a military presence in the Middle East, and some of that is a very open presence and some of that is not such an open presence. this is all on public record, and if you listen to subcommittees on defence or on the specific regions, this is public forum knowledge. The details are not necessarily public, but the broad strokes are.  

Even if you fully believe that we should go paternalistically and depose a government, you don't need to go very far into military history of the West to see that there are much quieter ways in which this could've been done, and the reason that that is important to say is that they typically, although not completely, pose and lower risk in terms of wider regional warfare. there is a lot more to be sad about the self-determination of the people in those countries, when actions like that are taken, and we shouldn't ignore that as a factor in our decision-making. I hope that you go and do the reading on that, and I imagine, as we were spoken about it so many times before, this will come up in the course of writing over the coming days.  

By being so quick to strike, and being led by extremist religious ideology, the Trump administration as well as the current state of Israel (both of whom are in serious domestic strife in their own countries, and whose leadership are under pressure to re-research power at home by appearing to be projecting masculinity externally), actively took so many options that could have been used, off the table completely.  

This is a catechlism of diplomatic relations with international sovereign territories, and it is what has caused this degree of destabilisation.  

The actions of the US and Israel, have put every partner that they work with in terms of both defence and intelligence, in a position that is between a rock and a hard stone.  

Whatever your political beliefs are, whether you favour demilitarisation and full decolonisation, or whether you favour an aggressive foreign policy, none of this actually matters, because the very reality is that we are now in a much higher risk category than we were prior to the weekend, and as we have assets currently in that area and we are conceived to be a military threat by Iran, we are right at a precipice moment, and we will continue being at a precipice, albeit with some small adjustments to the current reality, over the next few weeks.  

We have sewn so many seeds of this over decades, and this is a time where the pluralism of democracy is a lot more helpful than shutting people up, because if we are to enter or escalate in a way beyond what we are currently already involved in, we will be committing to several years, if not another generation, and no one should take that lightly.  

Even war profiteers are not comfortable with this escalation, and that should tell you everything you need to know about the current state that we are in, in regards to this current diplomatic crisis.  

It would be more realistic to compare this on its diplomatic terms to something like the crisis of the Suez, than it would be to compare it to Iraq and Afghanistan, although the operational warfare component is absolutely far more similar to the latter.  

If there is one thing we should not give up in this moment, it is the plurality of democracy, because denying the reality of that plurality for so many years is what has gotten us to this moment.  

The UK cannot suddenly pull out of all of its assets in the Middle East, and pretend it was never there for so many years prior to now, nor can the UK realistically escalate to the level of the US and Israel and expect to come out wildly successful. That is why this is so difficult, and it is why we should at least in part seek to have some degree of discussion in the wider context of what the fuck is going on, because some coked up frat boys decided to fuck it on what was a fairly guaranteed diplomatic agreement, and give the orders to fire.  

None of these men were elected because they were calm people, they were elected because we had a crisis of confidence when the world presented us with a pandemic where we did not know what to do, and so we opted for political masculinity, in the form of strong man leadership.  

We are living with the consequences of what happens when they get rid of as many checks and balances as they can, and they go unchecked by their allies.  

They are actively throwing around the idea of nuclear weapons like this is a perfectly normal thing, and unfortunately with that class of weapons, there are blast effects that carry from miles and the last four years. Ask Ukraine, how easy it is to keep planning around a site like that, how expensive it is to keep planning into your national budget.  

We have a number of options, but any sudden escalation will drastically increase the risk to our own sovereign territory here.  

Adding to the physical elements, the capacity for a military who has cyber security capabilities, to hugely fuck with the lives of individual citizens in order to increase domestic unease at home, is huge.  

Trust me: anyone in allegiance with Likud has treated me as a terrorist for some time on the basis of being a Jew against genocide, and I can confirm that it is going to annoy you when all your transactions fail, when your phone keeps going off for no reason, when your calls are interrupted, when you can't reach people you care about, when you get arrested, when you start having an anonymous complaints at work, when you start seeing your health data and up in some very strange places.  

I'm not necessarily saying they're responsible for all of it, it is a matter of ongoing investigation, but I can promise you that this will stress everyone out.  

I can also promise you that anyone with cyber security capabilities has the ability to make your life incredibly fucking uncomfortable.  

(If you're new here then my terrorism looks like saying genocide is bad, and making spreadsheets of local pensions, and comparing the list issued by the UN of companies that are illegal to engage with. My terrorism is fully compliant with UK law, in fact it is mandated by it, and in the setting that I was training to be a doctor, I also assume that you would want me to uphold international humanitarian legal standards and the medical oath. This was just unfortunately against the advice of the Israeli defence establishment at the time of October 2023; apparently I should have wanted to do everything possible to induce death in the Palestinian population.)

---

[I can also confirm that yes, there were marked custom munitions that were seen on many different Palestinian provide provided social media over this period, often with people picking the casings up, not knowing what they were.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm2wMLD/)  

The markings were traceable to a specific American supplier, and the Americans had provided a certain degree of inventory at that time, I believe this was still under Biden.  

This is also way that IRGC video looked so weird, because for various safety reasons you will serialise munitions.  

Hen Mazzig is essentially a kind of social influencer that the IDF users as part of its information war, so it is always worth digging into anything that he's saying before even engaging with it, but definitely before posting it further.  

His specific niche is to make the apartheid appear to be more diverse and have better equal rights coverage, then it actually does.  

You don't even need to feel a certain type of way about a person, to understand that that is what they role is, and to respond to them saying anything with you understanding that that is their role. If it helps, I often just act as if they are literally a customer service agent, as if what they're going to say is going to be on a company line, and realistically is no different from when I used to work in this very silly job where you sit on a telephone and you pretend to be different companies, because they've paid to have somebody else answer their phone.  

A lot of very cheap car insurance companies pay for that service, FYI.  

---

[Hr. Dobrindt has exavtly the sort of background that ought to provide the perfect grounding for Erinnerungskultur to facilitate antifascist Vergangenheitsbewältigung, really good example of how you can go one of two ways on this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmjYVPG/)  

I think the Bundestag's interior minister may have just inadvertently volunteered himself to become my new reference point for discussing what a lot of you missed about the lesson learning that we're supposed to have had come out of the way we live through and beyond the catastrophe of the Holocaust.  

Before the British readers even dare to think that they off got off scot-free (or any of the rest of you), the culture which produced the Holocaust is not uniquely German, and we have not eradicated the root basis of what ended up producing that particular expansionist nationalism and the brutality that arose from that. We have not interrupted the preconditions of genocide. It did not all cone to a halt in 1945.  

I've had to learn the hard way that some people feel that preventing unrest, by securitising borders, is what they learn when they see the Holocaust. Clearly, I disagree with this entirely, but I can't say that I don't understand how it's possible to mentally get yourself there.  

I am putting up a lot of psychological avoidance to the likely future work I'm going to have to do to address some of the key concepts of Holocaust and genocide prevention education. I know that I'm doing this because to a great degree, as I'm still watching the Palestinian genocide unfold, it is inherently distressing. However, I also realise that there are some really key transformational pieces we need to do regarding how we view atrocity prevention. I am also very conscious of my particular role as a rather unassuming pale blonde Jewish woman, and why that is something that one should use to platform the concerns of others whenever one can.  

The Abrahamic G-d has a darkly ironic sense of humour, as far as I'm concerned.  

---

[Although this move from the CDU, might be more clever than you think.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmjntNe/)  

This is reasonably aligned with some very subtle parts of the UK's statement from the Prime Minister in the Commons. There's a lot of positioning towards protecting Ukraine, which given tiny hands and his deep love for the Russian bear, does look like there is an amount of diplomatic leveraging going on in these talks.  

---

[I think I know the sounds that possibly got cut off just prior to the start of this,](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmjqyQX/) and I just have to assume that Victoria Starmer had to beat the pronunciation of "Shalom aleichem" into his head that badly, that it came out for "As-salamu alaykum".  

This is very normal as an English speaker if you're not using both phrases regularly.  

(A secret: I've lived with more communities that use As-salamu alaykum, so I often grammatically misplace the response to Shalom aleichem, and when anxious to make a good impression, I have literally responded, "Shabbos Gut" before, because I am a moron.)  

Also having seen some comments on these videos, I am more than happy for The Big Iftar to lead the way, because there is nothing I would love more than subjecting the Honourable Member for Clacton to a Polish Parliamentary menorah for eight whole days, a symbol of one's personal pride in one's communal identity, even when under scrutiny.  

I hope none of you thought that by complaining about diversity, that all of us were going to hide ourselves away.  

Some of us just get louder and more obnoxious under challenge.  

Anyway - this PM at an Iftar business: this is a good thing, it shouldn't threaten anybody, and I imagine his nerves can be explained by political decision-making over time and a bit of shock at the clusterfuck that Trump and Netanyahu started over the weekend.  

The anxiety is more reassuring than a lack thereof; it suggests that the gravity is being internally processed.  

I'm also going to use this opportunity to address something that I often see in comments, which is to assume that the Prime Minister's wife has got anything to do with his political decision-making on Israel. Last I don't want to speak for what her views might be, or what her family members views might be might be, the fact that she is obviously very publicly married to a man who isn't Jewish is reasonable evidence that their family are not necessarily part of the "old guard" Israel-as-nation-building lobby within British Jewry. Given the generation that they are in as a couple, if they had been in those social circles, to then marry outside the faith would be highly unusual. If you believe strongly in the state of Israel as a nation-building project, you don't tend to then go and marry someone who isn't already in that cultural headspace.  

Idk their story, I just see comments like that and it's like... no. I get it, but no. Highly unlikely.  

---

"People talk about impeachment because it’s visible and dramatic, not because it’s the most practical lever. In many cases, cutting funding or passing binding legislation is actually more effective, but it’s less theatrical and harder to explain in headlines."  


Because if you can't get your medical degree because of the state of cybersecurity from other actors, and you're in the middle of potentially World War III, why not get some sort of  education in international diplomatic studies *why am I even here*  

---

This "31 useless white men" story re the RAF is very poorly done by righty culture war talking heads.  

Honestly I think I'm going to node it because the whole case is *way* more interesting, and actually helps walk through why and how DEI can seem at odds with traditional recruitment goals. It's way more interestong than these culture wars guys are making out.  

This is far more about navigating complex operational targets, and how to plan around competing contingencies, then it really is to do with the DEI component.  

To use this as just a way to slag off the idea of DEI as a concept, is to completely undermine the incredibly interesting leadership and management questions that are in this case, so I'm surprised the men decided to do that.  

Perhaps we have found the truly useless white man in the story.  

---

I have left a piece of work half done on my mobile phone device. This is around recruitment and retention in defence, particularly the pilot scheme, and ties in the DEI study and the enquiry that arose from. I am thinking about it in my own head and have come up with a good piece of work to add, but I am not going to start it until I feel ready to compose something more thorough.  

The number of notifications that I am getting for absolute nonsense on my phone that I do not necessarily need, a significantly increased in frequency. It's been two hours tops.  

I do not consent to this shitty little policy sweat shop shit, and this will only make me drag my feet, and timestamp everything.  

🦎

---

[Why does this have to be the thing I was right about. 😒](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmSt3g2/)  

[Further detail re the degree of religious Zionist fascism at play, here.](https://open.substack.com/pub/jonathanlarsen/p/us-troops-were-told-iran-war-is-for)  

If you're Jewish, the end result of this is, "and then nuke Jerusalem". It is *bad*.  

Immediate boycott, divestment, and sanctions: all BDS targets, all US military spend, all "friend of" and "pro" Israel lobby outfits. This is where these people put their money, and they must be stripped of capacity to harm as swiftly as possible.  

They already have some defence funding; if we take full action now, they will still get *some*.  

There is no compromise required with Nazis.  

---

עוֹשֶׂה שָׁלוֹם בִּמְרוֹמָיו  
הוּא יַעֲשֶׂה שָׁלוֹם עָלֵינוּ  
וְעַל כָּל יִשְׂרָאֵל  
וְעַל כָּל יִשְׁמָעֵאל  
וְעַל כָּל יוֺשְׁבֵי תֵבֶל  
וְאִמְרוּ אָמֵן.   

---

If you think I got hard for Jewish Zionism, allow me to reiterate: absolutely _**fuck**_ Christian Zionism and its Nazi equivolency.  

It is distilled hatred from a made-up concept of "race"; may G-d be their judgement, because I could not fathom a fair sentence for that level of hatred wrapped in obnoxious ignorance, and the means to enact the harm it is capable of.  

We will outlive them.  

We always do.  

That's why they hate us.  

Let them burn with their fury, and let it not touch another soul.   

---

[Oh, is it not such Epic a Fury when you are asked reasonable questions, Mr. Secretary?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmAAt44/)  

That's a mixture of shame amd anger at having been asked.  

---

This is the second time I have raised a cybersecurity matter to the Cabinet Office, and the second time "Chinese assets" have been found in associated institutions where my data has been impacted.  

I would really rather get a substantive response; it's making the whole thing look a little wonky.  

---

[I voted in support of A105; I believe it was well-written, a reflection of Palestinian voices, and that its text is entirely appropriate.](https://youtu.be/mJT0fSkQ5o0?si=evq2iuikNYUHYitb)  

If precise wording is a matter of debate, that could be done without a state embassy getting involved.  

The State of Israel has failed in establishing Jewish self-determination, without catastrophically undermining Jewish religious values.  

Zionism is white patriarchy for Jewish men and is hostile on the basis of race, including towards Jews, especially in the diaspora.  

If that "isn't [your] Zionism", I need to see you using every sinew of your being to oppose Likud.  

Quite frankly, if you haven't been debanked or tailed, you were not posing enough of a threat.  

They are taking us into a war with the US, which on the US side involves a sincere belief in annihilating us; why do you trust a Likud-led state?  

This does not even erase the concept of a Jewish-led state; it is merely self-preservation.  

---
