None of you understand how it bleeds.  

I can never get ahead to even gain the slightest bit of anything when every morsel is used.  

Kerp telling my how there is no middleware; men have taken my body and now they strip my soul like the cowards they are.  

---

Playing Anoana on loop for hours is my complaint to whichever defence linguistics department is still hanging around to check if the middleware is ticking.  

This is behaving as something with a split use.  

---

Whilst Heilung (I believe) are still states apolitical and that can be fraught given how often the same sources are co-opted by the far and alt rights:  

The lyrics invite a conversation about the erasure – widescale erasure – of culture, folk practice, art, language, and religion in Europe by empire, primarily the Romans. The lyrics are lifted from bracteates, and are speculated on but not determined.  

They could be spells... they could be records of dates, they could administrative. The mystery is pretty open.  

If we want to have interesting conversations about what happened to the basis of folk culture in Europe, we can have that talk. So the forst question is, how many folk dances and costumes can you pick out and name in your own country? Where did these go? What was it that led to their decline? Why can't you go anywhere free or dirt cheap to dance anymore?  

Tells you who your problem actually is, because it's not other humans migrating for work or safety. It's the humans who told you you had to pay to dance.  

If you want to know how mystical our rainforest systems across Europe once were, stand next to a zubr bison. You can see how animals like this were often considered as embodimemts of something beyond just their own life.  

Who cut away your forests? Who hunted all your deer, and your elk?  

Again: not the people just looking for safety or work.  

If you want to claim pride in empire, you surely have pride in having to exchange labour for dance, and having your home cut down and shot for someone else's sport, right?  

---

["Ministers announce huge expansion of electronic tagging in England and Wales"](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2026/mar/19/electronic-tagging-offenders-england-and-wales-expansion) – the Government needs to tell us the gifts in kind it accepted from these industries. Mandleson wasn't Max Clifford level of story burial and narrative management, but surveillance capitalism has those capabilities, and you collectively appear to be signing over all rights and access to the British public and at a rate of knots.  

So what was the cost?  

There's no such thing as a free lunch. What did they "fix"?  

---

*You didn't trap Calliope by herself; something else got caught in the net.*  

---

Why fined like protection racket tiers, if not just protection racket?  

["It includes £450,000 for failing to put in age checks to prevent children from seeing pornography on the platform...
The fines also include £50,000 for failing to assess the risk of illegal material being published and a further £20,000 for failing to set out how it protects users from criminal content."](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c624330lg1ko)  

Also no mention of Epstein links, QAnon... nada.  

Can I potentially suggest to anyone who doesn't understand the history of the politics of this website, or any of the things that I've just mentioned, the age of verification can be gotten around that it is not in practice the thing that will protect children online or vulnerable people online, even though it works in a bar technically?  

This is a moneymaking scheme, or at least that's what it looks an awful lot like, it will not protect your children.  

There are many other ways to be going about this, and in several cases we have developed recent networks which would support future trade around this, if you're motivated by economic growth only.  
[Ngl this shit is the tip of the iceberg for how kids and teens are targeted for grooming and sexual exploitation online. it's not just one platform, it happens to the next platform once one is shut down or once one is restricted. Most platforms will not regulate this because they will lose a huge amount of traffic once they do. There is no meaningful regulation of any of this, so in many cases they're just simply aren't any consequences for doing this to children.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9pmPXA/)  

My generation already specifically in that crossover point where we had a fully "analogue" childhood, but crossed over into being the first teenagers room are exploited at scale online. I am begging you to start taking us seriously when it comes to saying what will just not work.  

With the greatest respect possible, if you are older than I am, especially by decades, you did not have the experience of being a teenager and having a developing brain, at the point where we started to move online at scale, for more than just the occasional Wikipedia check.  
I'm coming from a very specialised opinion when I say that as someone who experienced this in physical sense, and someone who experienced it in a digital sentence, and someone who's gone through the justice process, whoever is designing policy around this currently is ill informed, to the extent that they are making it easier in several cases to groom and exploit children. I'm not going to assert in intention, but it really is that bad in some cases. If this is just a bit of Westminster ego, I need people to stop being so far up each other's own arseholes that what we are doing is chasing down everyone's sense of personal pride, at the expense of children and their safety.  

---

The current LLM sticky mess is OpenAI's product doing a, "noooooo...the CANOLLLAAAAA", in response to dosecting out Palantir's two suits and calling it paper tiger posturing.  

Haven't even mentioned the impact of the Mandleson disclosures yet (which we are still due, and if not now, when?), and it's already, "well, actually"-ing.  

---

> "Some dance to remember,  
> Some dance to forget.  
> So I called up the Captain:  
> 'Please bring me my wine'.   
> He said, 'We haven't had that spirit here –  
> Since 1969'."
>
> "Last thing I remember, I was  
> Running for the door.  
> I had to find the passage back,  
> To the place I was before.  
> 'Relax', said the night man,  
> 'We are programmed to receive –  
> You can check out any time you like,  
> But you can never leave.'"  

It was written about depression, but let's not pretend the liminal nothingness and empty does not resemble life under aggressive surveillance for profit.  

Something about knowing it's for coin not security makes its hallways echo even more.  

---

> "You don't want to hurt me?  
> But see how deep the bullet lies."
>
> "And if I only could,  
> I'd make a deal with G-d,  
> And I'd get him to swap our places."  

It's not really governance, but control for its own sake, when one lacks the experience of the surveilled subject.  

The current oversight fundamentally lacks experiential knowledge of the process subject to by the aetherial presumption of the law, as it curdles around the citizen.  

It is being transformed into something it never was.  

---

[This is why it can't stop at water or rail nationalisation. We need sovereign control of our data.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9gvpom/)  

---

This prayer in the Square convo sounds like a flash in the culture war pan.  

Stuff like this gets ticketed usually just to produce a list that you can give to the authorities if your questioned, so I really don't understand why the people who are claiming that Muslims need even more surveillance shouldn't ticket an event. I also don't understand why I'm hearing complaints about churches being converted into mosques at the same time that you are dividing the act of praying in public.  

This entire conversation makes absolutely no sense and it really shows the place of religion in the alt right: it's a prop. It's just a prop. Its only purpose is to be co-opted for control and symbolism.  

The reason that they often point to a religion is because that is less direct than other forms of racialising people, but just say that we're all clear, whilst it is possible to have concerns about specific acts and not becoming from a racist point of view, the vast majority of this is being done to increase your own personal acceptance of extreme racism.  

Would any of us have genuinely given the slightest shit if we didn't have this on national news? Probably not.  

So rather than have conversations about how to protect children from predators, or have conversations about the fact that a population is being cordoned off by one of our military allies in a genocide, or talking about the fact that fuel prices have gone through the roof because of a very silly confluence of factors (which is not too denigrate the fact that people have been murdered, it's to show how ridiculous it is that anyone's life was put in danger), we are back to arguing about whether or not it's okay to have owls on a £5 note when the vast majority of us don't even handle cash anymore, and Stoke each other up for how offended we can all be by people praying in a country where we are limiting the loss of religion (?!).  

This is a distraction.  

We were holding accountability for several items, and we were given distractions.  

If we all remember rightly, this is how Max Clifford used to run the news.  

Do we remember how that ended?  

[As a demonstration of quite how bad the Overton window problem has become, this question from Jeremy Corbyn is literally just stating what the international legal normal position is, and asking whether we will bring ourselves in compliance with that.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9p4NRf/)  

If you actually just listen to the words that they're coming out of his mouth, that is literally all he is saying. He is stating what the international legal position is about the overall act, and asking whether we will replicate another countries position of compliance with international law.  

The fact that we've moved to a place where that is seen as a radical view is absolutely insane.  

---

I can only imagine that someone in my close viewership actively enjoys being humiliated in public, because a particularly bizarre contraption keeps getting pushed into my feed, and now it's being chased with properties where I used to do a paperound.  

Fine.  

Here's your *for entertainment purposes only* reading of what I'm seeing:  

Your apparant obsession with containing women in one place is both clearly not feminine in drive, because aerial classes exist, and highly colonial in going to the specific named destination to orientalise spirituality and healing whilst avoiding Western licensure or professional standards. Your apparant fixation with not only the physical containment of women, but also a compulsion to push them to their "breaking point" and the apparant emotional important that this has for you, is screaming *your own emotions out loud*.  

If you're upset that your own mother seemed distant, and at times discipline was built around shame as a tool, this is literally so common that significant work exists within various realms of therapy, many of which do not rely on engaging other people into vessels for your own pain.  

Feel better, now?  

Stop with the addresses. You're digging up places I have not lived in 20 years, or utilising family records. Just stop.  

I can't believe that this is the stupidness that I have to write in public, making me look ridiculous, for my internet experience to become less aggressive.  

(NB: feed turned into flowers and dog walks very quickly after this commit. Good to remember how much knowledge is out there, when you've been silly enough to disclose it, isn't it?)  

---

[That's not great. That has the potential to be a huge freight shutdown.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9sNGx7/)  

May the memories of those who have already died, be a blessing.  

The public knowledge already suggests that there may be transport over a very specific transport route. This could be a problem if further public health measures become necessary.  

---

[The FSU just casually insisting that significant terrorist ideologies are behind the new definition of anti-Muslim hostility. I presume that's what you mean by "Islamist", because that is the word's meaning, yes?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9sFprn/). 

I don't think we're defining this word very well in the public discourse, so sometimes I genuinely do not know whether or not the word you are looking for is "Islamic" or whether the word you are looking for is "Islamist".  

If we are discussing Islamism, this is a very specific ideology, it's a very specific group as defined by political scientists, and what we are discussing is part of the ideology that makes up a significant part of the terrorism which MI5 looks into; if we are going to say that People in government consultation groups are motivated by what is the ideology behind one of the MI5 most significant terrorism concerns... can we at least cite our sources or back things up a little bit?  

That's a pretty big claim to be making.  

If that's not the case, and this was an example of over generalising anything that is associated with Islam or associated with Muslims, that might be the kind of behaviour that the anti-Muslim hostility definition is supposed to be addressing, and so if we want to preserve free speech, this is fine, but we also need to acknowledge that sometimes what we are doing might also be classified as a type of harm to other people and therefore require some discuss discussion about whether or not it is appropriate in a democratic society.  

We've brought in Popper's paradox before, which acknowledges that we can't just tolerate speech which is fundamentally undermining the basis of a democracy and fundamentally anti-democratic. That might actually be what the debate needs to be about.  

If it's not this latter concern, then what we might be left with is defamation and libel, which interestingly I don't think is an issue for this organisation.  

I would just like some clarity of messaging from the people who talk about free speeches being an issue for them, because I'm really genuinely not clear whether or not what Islamism is actually understood, and if it is understood, I'm not sure why we are engaging in such widespread allegations towards an entire section of the population classifying them all as being a type of terrorism that is part of our national security regime. I'm finding it really difficult to find an explanation for that, other than racism being at the heart of this.  

I'm open to hearing from these same sources, and from people in that discourse to actually defend what they are saying using systems which make sense under logical scrutiny.  

---

[Actually a good first pass of the AI and neurodiversity question.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9sVTde/)  

Although just being very honest, the reason that anyone who is Neurodiverse becomes highly valued by the same kind of thinkers who are at the top of these companies, it is because if we are resistant to their algorithms and point out what they're getting wrong, eventually we become too correct to ignore.  

Over time, if we aren't lost to the system first (and this has more to do with just how the system impacts and what else is going on at the time than anything to do with ourselves), we become far more valuable as a training tool and so they start to see value where once they saw a problem to be erased.  

None of this fixes the fundamental issue that sits at the core of a lot of current culture in the AI space, which is that human beings should not be made into numbers, because that's a really good way to set yourself up to do a Holocaust.  

---

قالوا ما حدا بتغير بنفس المكان
< ومين يحكيلهم إحنا غير
ياما إنحكالنا قصايد عنا ما بتلبق إلنا وليه
< ولا حد يحكيلهم ليه، آه
< بس أنا قلبي عمره ما بينسى
< إسمه وهواه، آه
< وأنا قلبي ما بينسى
< إسمه هواه، إسمه هواه، آه

---

NB: When some people say, "neurodiverse", sometimes they just mean, "smarter than me, personally".  

Sometimes they just mean, "I need to pathologise women and girls to see them as having inherent value".  

Sometimes they are just demonstrating a a level of dread at realising they underestimated someone else's creativity or intellect, the very worst degree of post-nut regret at having realised what they have revealed about themselves, and what power they have just exchanged.  

This is why the same men fall for this "semen as inherent life force" bullshit.  

---

[You don't get this type of contract without a proof-of-concept. These are solidifications of power you already have.](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/uk-ministry-of-defence-awards-palantir-75-million-enterprise-agreement-301707783.html)  

[Preliminary work is the norm in surveillance as an industry, particularly around data acquisition.](https://www.hbs.edu/faculty/Pages/item.aspx?num=56791)  

[The UK not only normalised surveillance access under successive governments and continues this normalisation](https://institute.global/insights/tech-and-digitalisation/tony-blair-digital-id-is-the-disruption-the-uk-desperately-needs), [it also chose not to action breaches](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-57910355).  

[You cannot meaningfully divorce the increasing use of surveillance by men to harm women and children, from the surveillance industry being so prevalent in this country.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9ssgtH/) and yet we are told that these are expensive problems that will require yet more product or yet more SaaS to fix.  

Bullshit.  

Even the concept that somehow St James's Island was somehow completely out of the radar of any international policing or surveillance, given how many "protected persons" were engaging with that network and given how detailed and precise surveillance companies can now be in terms of the general population? The idea is bullshit.  

In order to make a profit, surveillance needs to find the problems and convince us that it has the capacity to solve those problems, but only if we give over even more capital. To what extent are the same surveillance companies now causing so much harm, that they are a greater loss than they are again for the security of our children?  

It is a shame that the Labour Party have clearly got vested interests in not pursuing actions and regulations which would actually protect women and children, and it is a shame that the conservative party was the same way when they were in power. I would say it would be a shame that Reform UK had vested interests, but I think it is more honest to say that they are almost a direct representative for the Epstein class at this point.  

What is helpful to us going forward, is that the playbook of all of these parties is essentially one playbook; clearly they always to immunise ourselves against this industry, otherwise we wouldn't have needed to make SEO noise around the concept of living bridges.  

Very well revealed; I will assume the "mistake" was a deliberate deferrance, otherwose that one's just embarrassing.  

[So, as another whistleblower came out yesterday, what information have previous whistleblowers provided, and how can we work backwards, to assess what Palantir and similar companies want from the UK, and which vacuums of power could they have filled?](https://youtu.be/DZ95Gmvg_D4?si=t-_4B35dvlkMajB3)  

They could easily have stepped in as a Max Clifford, but with big data, in essence – and in that sense, they are not disruptive in any innovative or meaningful sense. Just using old tricks, with a bit of tech investment, to get the R&D and data access that consolidates power elsewhere and makes an even leaner profit margin producing machine.  

"Libertarian"? Hardly.  

Just an extremely odd oligarcical marriage of necessity, until they get upset enough with each other than we get a repeat of the Gallagher brothers in public.  

[I am stocking up the popcorn](https://youtu.be/hYrIw4CukKg?si=5qKDd-mWkbd7qVBl), because I expect it to have all the pinache of the Cleaver/Darcy fight scene. Just... less aesthetically pleasing.  

[It's also really interesting when you comparing contrast how the CEOs of AI companies reacted to Luigi Mangione's actions; you can't really use the language of revolution and say you're disrupting things and even talk about the need of the guillotine in the French revolution, if you are unprepared to face the fact that one day the violence may in fact start to become targeted towards groups that include you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9tdbkh/)  

This is why there is always a gulf of cultural difference between defence contractors and the people who actually serve on the front line within defence; it is fundamentally more impressive and meaningful when human beings are able to choose not to act, choose to defer from action, and when they are capable of taking it.  

It is not fundamentally impressive to speak in the language of war and violence, if you are unprepared to meet the challenge head on. defence contractors across the board, many of which involve AI or modelling with data it's some level, do not deserve to carry medals of honour, as if they've actually done anything – Walter Mitty comparisons are actually *incredibly kind and genorous* when you consider what the background context is, which one is measuring.  

---

[Has the IDF claimed this one was an accident yet?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9Gu2E4/)  

Did we accidentally train the AI to pick out journalists specifically?  

Presumably that is probably what the AI learned, from the repeated targeting of journalists.  

Or are British journalists also khamas?  

---

[Imagine being that much of a pick-me for the alt right.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9tMj3u/)  

I don't actually like using that term towards women in public, but fuck me.  

[& speaking of whistleblowers...](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9t53oy/)

[Jfc the 9/11-baiting has started.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9tc7qX/)  

---

[Zoë Bread is my hero.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9tbm2o/)  

---

[Also, Scotland can end UK Governments, and they already have multiple reasons to be incredibly pissed off about how the Union has been imposed above and beyond the way in which evolution is supposed to handle matters.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9tvDJ5/)  

I'm just saying, it could be game over once Scotland gets involved.  

---
