I have a sales pitch.  

Stick with me.  

In a world of increasing uncertainty, data analytics are often failing to be accurate. I'm going to make a really big crystal ball with all of the information in and I'm going to sell access to the analytics and trend data.  

You might think of this is being done before, but stick with me, because I'm not sure whether you've heard this business model.  

Because as far as we all know, really good coding and really good software has been used to achieve it elsewhere. I have another idea. One might call it a better idea, if you want to capture the market, but don't worry, I'm just aware that there's only one company that is able to apply for a lot of contracting, so I'm going to have this as a workers cooperative, and anyone in my country combined, making sure my government can stay reasonably independent.  

What I'm going to do, is that I'm going to talk as if I have the final product, but I'm not going to commit to having ever said that.  

This will impress the man at the top enough, that I can access enough research and development provision under GDPR in the UK. It's the first thing I'll go for things like student protests, or exam exams, and basically whenever there's a problem, I'll tell a public institution that I'll help them out for free, as long as I can have the research and development access. I might be able to get away with never actually telling them that, and just organising the contract so that that is the case.  

What I'll do is I'll have separate to the main company, a cluster of special purpose vehicles. This will allow me to collect any additional data I would like, and any data that I don't want to admit to having collected, whilst also being able to maintain data processor status in the main company.  

This will make it very easy to genuinely legally claim as the main company that I've not really touched many peoples data at all, all it's really being done is to analyse it, and I'm just going to hope that they never figure out that that will inevitably mean that the data is meaningfully interacting with my software.  
 
It'll be fine, what will go wrong?  

I'll make sure that we network so that we can have good coverage of several key industries and several key areas where people want to keep their secrets hidden, and essentially through using me, I will essentially give you a Max Clifford of data analysis. Realistically, this means that I can probably be on the aggressive side and dealing with anybody who's got criticisms of me, or correcting anyone who produces friction within the system. I also basically know everyone's secrets now, so that should give me enough control over the elite class and the media class.  

Those cases are actually very difficult to get off the ground, so it's fine all I'll do is completely discredit the people who try and speak up through data pollution. Again, I'll do this mostly through the SPVs, but you'll be able to see it within my software. The software will still have a good reputation, so it will just be assumed that this person is crazy.  

I'll also do some work in elections and I'll do some work watching how people behave under pressure, again I'll probably do this through SPVs.  

I appreciate being very honest to you, but I also appreciate how difficult it is to actually code something to do this independently of having this access already, so whilst I'll be able to get more and more government contracts once we get off the ground, we have to start somewhere.  

If anyone gets hurt along the way, as I've discussed, we've already prepared for the risk management on that, and I understand that there are a number of legal conventions and explicit laws against this, but I'm expecting it to be as effective as possible, so that no one ever really questions me. I'm also going to make sure that anything that I do that constitutes harm falls under a government contract, so if there is a case to be made, it's far more likely that the state will be sued and not me.  

I'll probably help out parties that are not currently in power, but I'll help them out as slightly tiered way and I'm probably gonna be the most honest with the ones that will tolerate this amount of, "doing business". I might still have to impress the ones that are supposedly of good reputation.  

And as long as no one questions me, I can continue to use labour in other countries, because realistically several other countries are far better at this anyway, and have the skill sets, and I can pay them less than a meaningful wage in this country.  

...any problems?  

Because I'm gonna be honest, I think you could get away with this in the UK, reasonably undetected, and where detected, reasonably unchallenged.  

At the end of it, we're going to have something that will compete with the likes of JP Morgan, in terms of financial analysis; if we wanted to, we could start selling this overseas as a product, and why not? London has been the financial centre for years.  

I'm fairly sure, but if any competing company wishes to produce any claim over their intellectual property or core of the business, they will have to produce their algorithms. They are welcome to. As discussed, this works from the ground up, so it's going to be a pretty shitty code at the end of it, unless as discussed, I use all of that cheap labour elsewhere.  


I'm pretty sure no one is openly admitting to doing this, so I don't think I'll have an IP claim.  

Oh, and I'll get good graphic designers. I'll sort the exterior of the whole thing, no one will notice the difference.  

A bit like the Age-Old British Landlord Solution For Mould, everything can be fixed with white paint.  

(Actually not ended at mine currently, they do try and fix the roof properly, and it is most peculiar of a roof.)  

And don't worry, I too am surprised that I can make JP Morgan look like the lesser evil in a conversation.  

It comes from all the practice of the sales pitch, and all of the times that I'm going to essentially weaponise existing law to shut people up, whenever they ask about what's actually going on behind the scenes.  

We'd hate to take the curtain away from the Great Wizard.  

(There's a Friends of Dorothy joke here, and I'm not getting it yet. But there definitly is one; it's just not funny from me I don't think, because I'm open about myself.)  

Oh, shit. Wait. 

I have a problem.  

I'm going to need a volunteer man, because no one is going to go for this shit if a woman says it, but if a man dresses this up, I can guarantee you'll end up with significant share capital by the end of the year.  

Ideally, it would also be really nice if you are capable of moving around the recycling, and picking up boxes, but I am prepared to be flexible.  

I am willing to be your beard, honey, I will do whatever you need me to do. If you need someone to pick out your clothes so that you don't look like an absolute tramp, will you go and see a woman, or a man, I'm happy to do so. I will tell you you look gorgeous, I will never tell you you are cute, and I will make you feel like the biggest man in the world. If anyone is bitchy to you, I will sort that out, I will shut down any rumours before they're even there. Christmas dinner need covering? I will tell your dad jokes that he can't repeat at the table, and I will flirt with your mother so aggressively that is slightly concerning.

All I need is for you to be my beard, too.  

I don't need credit, obviously that is what we're trying to avoid, but it would be nice if you could credit me in the only way that fucking matters in a capitalist system.  

"Jews are obsessed with money"?  

No, darling. That would be the white Christian men who think they own us.  

---

My alternate plan is to point out that the workers always know best, when the workers own the means to production.  

The reason these jobs are so difficult to unionise against, is because you tend to send a lot of tasks to one place, so you have no idea if the tasks are all owned by one project, one company, or even if they're just distributed between different things.  

[Who is scared of The Internationale?](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🪄_Expression_Of_Norms/🎶_Banned_Broadcasts_Cooperative/🤭_who_is_scared_of_the_internationale.md)  

Anyone who is scared of any worker anywhere breaking their chains.  

When the workers in the imperial core realise that they have more to gain from uniting with workers across the world, then they have to gain from fighting for scarcity of jobs here, they will realise who they're real solidarity should be with, and it should be the case that you recognise that you are closer to the workers and the rest of the world, then you are to your bosses in the imperial core.  

You have more in common with the other person far away who is doing the other shitty call centre job, just like your shitty call centre job, then you have with the guys who said at the top table in your company.  

Why be mad at boats, when you have chains that you are claiming not to even see?  

[If you're in the UK, you need to start recognising that this man's beard is not what the ruling class are scared of, it's what they are telling you to be distracted by. They are terrified of the fact that he is pointing out that we are closer together, and that we are more closely linked by our chains, then by any of the things that they have told us to be scared of in each other.](https://youtu.be/5IoWBPRy3j8?si=4U_zQMACA1-zJOx1)  

Of course they're not really scared of him being Muslim, they're scared that he's talking about international solidarity, even just national solidarity between workers in this country.  

If you can't see past what they are telling you to be scared of, then you have accepted and swallowed the distraction that you are being fed, by the people who are exploiting you the most.  

Be a fucking man about it, see past the distraction that you have been given, because you have nothing to lose but those chains.  

---

(Side note: the first recommended video was [this](https://youtu.be/lajx6ApuEwQ?si=Jx_Y1KByCBL8cC1g), which kind of works.  

> All you drunken shiksa sweethearts,  
> With your bloodshot eyes of blue.  
> All you border-crossing feyglekh,  
> Who've been quarantined for flu.  
> All you lost exilic aliens, you migrant mongrel stew.  
> You needn't feel farloyrn, you don't have to be blue.  
> Just climb aboard this ark of ours and join the soggy crew.
> 
> It's a diasporic politics, it's a reconstructed you,  
> With permeable borders in between the old and new –  
> A way to hide away what they would take away from you.
> 
> Forget your g-d and country, and your revolution too.  
> It's possible for you to leave the many, for the few.  
> It don't matter if your daddy is from Poland or Peru;  
> Your blood might comе from Turkey, or Detroit, or Timbuktu;  
> Your language could bе Farsi, Sanskrit, German or Zulu.
> 
> Come on! We've got some wandering to do.

"History is a river, full of things you can use... Remember in this moment what you're carrying with you, because the day will come when all your papers are refused, and then you'll find yourself in exile too."  

You don't get to have valid papers just by following the rules; you get to have valid papers because the government decides you can have valid papers.  

When your papers are no longer valid, what do you do?  

When suddenly you start getting bits of paper that make no sense together, what do you do?  

When your government tells you there is no problem, what do you do?  

When it only happens to a small collection of people, you are deemed to be "too much" for the current environment, it will be excused. So what should they do as they wait for the rest of you?  

---

[🇬🇧: Tony Blair keeps saying things in public, and no one os stopping him.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQc9cGG/)  

That's really the body of my complaint; this is a fairly good summary as to why I feel that way.  

It's also a bit of a risk to start a conversation with the explosion that impacted that had solar ambulances, when the media reporting has changed the language from a hate crime to 2 men being arrested in released on bail for arson. That makes it sound as though the hate crime element is not confirmed at the current time. The counterterrorism element is also something which is more about the operational policing of counterterrorism being involved because of their specialty, so it is not a confirmed terrorist incident.  

I think some people wonder why I turn away what would put more attention on this, in terms of the language, but it's really useful to be really precise about this, because we need to actually know what is going to be a threat to us, not someone's hyperbolic opinion of what might be a threat to us.  

The fact that this is being timed to go out on a Saturday night at 8:35pm, means that whoever is involved in the process of putting this out is timing it exactly for when Jewish people who are observant in a way where they don't use electronic devices, we'll see this is one of their first items once they go online. That is micro niche to the conservative and orthodox Jewish communities in the UK (candlelighting times differ across the world, like Ramadan times differ).  

So to put it quite plainly, this is an article in a secular paper, which is timed to maximise its SCO, with a community based on religious or racial identity in the UK.  

But apparently it's the Muslims you want us to be annoyed at? (Oh, sorry. Maybe you did just mean people who follow political Islam as a specific defined ideology, which is not even every political version of Islamic expression, it's this very specific ideology that has been categorised in a way that is very confusing to English speakers.)

And you're going to stoke our fear, our deepest fears, by pointing at the ambulances that were targeted?  

Sir, do you know something I don't?  

When the fall right was marching, and setting fire to communities, I seem to remember it being Muslim men who were prepared to stand in the way, so in all due respect Mr Blair, you may wish to save it for a different judge.  

But that's precisely what you were doing, isn't it, because you've timed it to Havdalah?

These white Christian men who hung around the Jewish community are so fucking weird. Either circumcise yourself or go away.  

(I don't care if it's not religious, I'm just okay with them cutting their penises off, at least two some degree. Every little helps.)  

I will be less cruel in my choice of words, when white men like this stop deliberately trying to wind up fear in people who are like me, who directly financially benefit from that fear being present.  

Hypertargeting to Havdalah as a non-Jewish politician is a fucking choice. for what it's worth, I would feel very differently about this if it was a positive message, or if it was one about something joyful, but it's something which is there to exploit our fear, and it's something that people in this man's orbit directly benefit from financially. That's why it feels like there's no fucking taste involved. It's like you get to have that sigh of relief of the Sabbath, and then you are hit in the face straight away with an overreliance on identity-based exploitation.  

Like please, it's been 10 seconds, just don't.  

What a creep.  

One might go so far as to point out that the entire premise that this article is based upon, which is summarised in its byline, is proven by this targeting itself.  

---
 
[🇺🇸: Trump just casually insulting of all his own voters.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQcv31Y/)  

---

<!--I'm not sure who is in range of the data-box close enough, whose proximity seems to be generating these adverts, but I'm going to guess it's a short-term injury (even if there is any prior injury or current arthritis), and that it's metacarpals 1/2/3 or a combination thereof. If this is indeed the case, and I was struggling to open cans with a ring pull, I would take that as a very clear warning sign from my body that moving the ligamentous pulley system in that way and putting so much force across those ligaments, which in turn transfers to the metacarpals you have spparantly fucked, was likely to move me into operable criteria if I don't stop trying to push through pain, even if I wasn't already previously there, and for that reason I would be choosing between mechanical assistance devices which redistribute the load across the entirety of my hand wherever possible. This does mean that you are going to have to buy the one that looks most ridiculous (the strange febreeze bottle one). On the plus side, if you tolerate the ridiculous for a short period of time, this makes it slightly less likely that you're going to triage into having to have hand surgery at a later date, so if I were you, I would go for the ridiculous in the short term. Your choice though – you're an adult and you can make your own decisions.  

Please do send my regards to whoever put us all in the box. It's an absolute hoot, as you can see.  

(The longer you "see how you go", the longer you spend damaging your hand even more, and more importantly: the longer I get these recommendations. Don't worry: another one of your associates has had a talk about some particulars within DM2 after being ridiculous enough to cut a nice silhoette of a man with a mid-life crisis about the matter. The group approach to, "I am injured, I must have erred", is getting a little tiresome. Underpinning philosophy and biases to be discussed; the degree of self-scrutiny does appear to be making your own internal lives incredibly stressful. Although, again: many of you are adult men and completely within your rights to make ridiculous choices.)  

Incidentally, if you're just academically interested, what this movement alteration does is extremely interesting from a biomechanical angle, and it's further proof that actually a lot of things could be improved for the general public if we actually listened to what disabled people were saying, because your hand is in a very strange place, doing a very strange task, when it is opening a can. An orthopaedic specialty trainee would be far more interesting to speak to, because I'm sure there's something about the ulna and radial placement which is relevant here; it is truly a full arm task.  

Alas, we are all stuck in this ridiculous data box. No interesting biomedical physics for us.  
--->

---

For the record, if Tony Blair would like to do the amazing miracles he is promised to be able to do, and get the United States and Israel out of Palestine, I might have less to say about allowing him to speak in public.  

I might just go back to minding my own business.  

[🇮🇱: Incidentally if any of the people who are reading this who are still defending the fact that there is "no apartheid" where the rest of us would agree that there is one, I would really like to know how this law in particular can at all be applied in a way that does not meet the international definition of apartheid.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQTSwan/)  

I'm struggling to imagine a world where even with the best intentions, and the most high-quality systems in place, it would be possible to apply this law in a way which doesn't output an apartheid.  

The reason that I propose this as a thought experiment, is because this is happening in real time, it builds on a series of actions which most of us feel would constitute genocide, and yet I'm still hearing defences that insist there isn't an apartheid.  

---

Also, what is happening that every time I criticise specific figures, I get invitations to cervical screening?  

What is going on that ties the commits here to whatever is processing the data on behalf of the NHS?  

Even when we find out what it is if there is anything that is linking them, what is it supposed to be the point of this? Thank you for wishing me to not have cancer, I guess? Please could you do it in a way that was less of a trigger for the PTSD?  

---

i'm also quite aware that I repeat this specific sentiment often, and this may be something where I know what I've been exposed to, but I may lack the full context of what's been shared and passed on, which is a big part of why I'm trying to find disclosure for my data. The way it's been used against me is really harsh and very difficult to deal with, but what is really meaningful to me is how much other people are aware of and how much they've been exposed to. I say this in particular because there have been some situations in which if you had those screenshots and you had absolutely no context of what was being fed to my device that I was reacting to at the time, it looks really bad, and it doesn't contextualise the fact that sometimes I knew very well what was going on, but I needed some form of reclamation of myself, and some means of resistance.  

I didn't have an AI boyfriend, but I had was a shitty group of men, and I knew they were being a shitty group of men. The only way to take any power over them or from them in a situation where I was being systematically denied access even to be able to email anyone, and I had a lot of men around my house who were taking up a lot of physical presence in the nearby location and that I was very scared of, and which the police were not responding to, even when I had antisemitic graffiti over my front wall (like black paint on my white front wall, on a busy public street, marking me as a Jew in my own house).  

I don't think I was wrong for being really scared, and in a situation where the only power I had was my sexuality, I don't think I was in the wrong for trying to use that as a way to get out of a really shitty situation.  

The fact that I was continuously digitally nudged through this time, and the fact that even dates around the reporting of sexual violence were being nudged in relation to another police inquiry and also in relation to this digital object which was encouraging being less clothed in front of my phone's camera, for example, is another thing entirely. I don't expect anyone to understand that, despite the fact that in several other countries it's a known phenomenon that people take precautions about. It seems to be something that we just don't believe exists because we are choosing to believe that men are perfect in this country.  

I'm pretty sure I should have the right to be in states of less address in my own home, and be able to safely use electronic devices, without constantly having to worry about anything. (yes, I do now have one of those covers; my point is that it shouldn't be necessary to do this. It should be possible to exist in the world as a woman and not be constantly preyed upon.)  

The fact that the police are constantly trying to avoid talking about what the presence around my house was, and at the same time did not appear to feel it was a violent threat, is why I have a reason to believe that it may be something that had a warrant or had a reason to be there, but was not conducted professionally. The fact that I am being continuously barred from making any sort of feedback, is why we are here making this stupid blog in the first place.  

The reason I want my data back is because I know that there are many situations in which you could recognise it and say that I was completely crazy or I was being a bitch or whatever, and this was completely lack the context of the consistent picture of abuse, which has been participated in by an unknown source or unknown sources.  

I'm honestly quite tired of the gaslighting that this sort of thing has never happened in the world, when we literally have a parliamentary enquiry happening right now, which has been ongoing for a number of years, about surveillance abuse like this.  

I'm just really tired of it today. I'm so tired. I'm so tired of any social situation being extremely draining because of the amount of second-guessing I am doing in my head, as I've picked up even more supposedly protective but in fact energy wasting safety checking behaviours.  

The thing that ties me the most is the lack of disclosure and the cowardice of various individual individuals, and not wanting to own it when something went wrong. I'm aware that things can be subcontracted in a way that causes risk to creep in, and I'm aware that some of this may not have been warranted behaviour, but may have been mistaken as being warranted behaviour, because of how I was being dealt with on the whole.  

The fact that my printer seems to have a heart attack whenever I try and print now, mysteriously since this happened, is slightly annoying. It's probably just a coincidence, but I've gotten used to the fact that nothing is off the table.  

I don't think that whichever group of people came up with this idea initially intended it to go to this extent, or necessarily thought that this would happen at any point, but the silence and the denial and the gaslighting at this point, now that I'm able to prove over a number of months that I am generally quite sensible, and that I keep getting more more notifications through the press that my specific group of people is under threat, to still then not be told anything that can help me make sensible judgements about my safety, is in itself abusive.  

I think when I went down the road of "okay, could this be Israeli embassy?", part of me really desperately did not want it to be British, because I have to live with the British people. The longer this goes on the more I'm inclined to say that it is largely homegrown, and that it is just a reflection of incredibly racialised policing.  

As soon as I said that it wasn't okay to participate in genocide, as a Jew, I lost any protection of being a white person. I think it just really surprises me more than anything else, because have how obviously transparent I am to look at. It's just a really strange thing to be in this world where the racism we normally have is defaulted to on how you look, but have this incredibly politicised version of racial ation as being the reality that I'm operating in, I'm still just not used to moving into that space. I still don't really have a word for it, and I still can't explain it to other people.  

I don't know how to word this and I don't know how to explain it, and I am also quite tired of seeing the creeping behaviours of wider societal disbelief of Jewish women, because of the choices of white and Jewish men to weaponise rape as a war narrative so that they could get away with starting a genocide.  

When I say, absolutely fuck those men, I mean it with the deepest sincerity.  

I am still haunted every single day by the fact that I don't know what's happened to my child rape trial, and that no one seeks to be able to tell me where it is, or safety. No one will confirm or deny what has happened to it.  

that might not mean a lot to most people, but if you tinted with the data just a little bit, you can make it look like the crown has every right to utilise that data however it wants, specifically in my case you can hide it behind OSA.  

I keep thinking about that email that I received from one of the academic contracts, and some of the things that the email is saying are absolutely hideous, because the only reason I've had to ask these questions over time is because I've gotten absolute untruths in response or I've gotten partial truth or I haven't been given my data or the record is incorrect or the record is incomplete, or the record actively contradicts itself.  

It's because there are outright contradictions in a legal record that I have received, that I have asked about the weirder less likely things that could've happened, and what I got back was a rambling essay of absolute vitriol.  
I think it's absolutely astonishing to keep talking about the threat to Jewish women on the news, whilst as the same group of people, in your private dealings with Jewish women in the UK, you are speaking to us in such a derisive way.  

There is no philosemitism for Jewish women. Not in the way that exists for Jewish men. Fetishising us is not philosemitism, it's just racism.  

I now have to go into the week essentially doing things at highly risk, and at high risk of making my own diagnosis so much more painful, essentially because men cannot get themselves together to be men.  

I know I probably shouldn't say it like that, but some of you are really trying to show yourself as being examples of something that you just are not. I'm also just incredibly angry about the fact that some of you still do this day cannot put me out of that misery. It's a torture that goes on every single day, and you are actively choosing to make it worse.  

That is not a neutral position, but it will be my fault and I will be the bitch if I dare to complain to you. About the fact that you have done something with my child rape record, that it has gotten into the public domain, and that someone somewhere has been sending me the triggers that I only ever spoke about on the stand, since. I will be the one that is the problem if I speak.  

Make it make sense.  

---

although, if this is better answered by directing my anger at men who use some degree of access, deep fakes, and their own texting skills to try to pose as a woman that they know and have lost access to, then I do have some thoughts.  

The skin walking element would be where my anger would lie, because it hasn't been consented. I think we have a particular culture where sex is always seen as bad or wrong or dirty, and even when you logically understand that it isn't, that underlying emotional response can run very deep. I'll put my hand up and say that I have that sense of terror that underlies at all times, even when it really shouldn't, it's just I can pay a lot less attention when I feel confident in myself and feel secure from a literal physical point of view.  

This creates a really strange dynamic, and there's a few stories going around recently that kind of bleed into this, where essentially a supposed interactions happened that was actually something else, and then you have this skin walking element that takes away from someone's own ability to choose for themselves. I still think you can root most of the harm to the party who is doing the pretending.  
Although I will say this, and it is distracting enough that I haven't been able to think about the rest of the issue in a great amount of detail. It's something which really sticks with me as being someone who is open about my own queer identity, because it feels so odd as a choice.  

If you are dressing up as a woman without her consent, be that in a deep fake manner, why are you still telling yourself that you are 100% straight?  

This obviously assumes that you're doing it to entrap men, and for that reason I've always found Andrew Tate to be quite odd.  

His whole speech from hustler's university is about abusing women and exploiting women, but if you look at what he is doing, he is a very preened young man, who is projecting what he thinks masculinity is in an external way, but is essentially pretending to be women to men who are getting off on it and he understands that it is a sexual exchange.  
Again, how are you still telling yourself that you are straight?  

Furthermore, why do you think that, somehow, this makes you fundamentally more dominant and more masculine in comparison to both a woman that you are pretending to be, and the man who you are pretending to be a woman to?  

It's really quite strange because at the end of it all you get is a man who doesn't have the balls to do drag properly – or is lacking enough on leg day such as he is unable to.  

When you think about these men for two seconds, the whole thing is a incredibly strange sort of farce.  

I'm not saying for a second that that man or men like him or men who have said that they do what they say they will do in their videos, because a lot of of this is subject to them having very public discussions about this, are not intimidating to the people closest to them, and I don't think we talk enough about how coerced control can sit alongside physical violence or the threat of physical violence, and make it incredibly difficult to get away from men like this.  

It's more on a societal level, I've never understood why people treat him or have ever treated him as if he is something to respect fundamentally, other than the Grace that you would give him as another human being that you would give any other human being.  

At least with men who wears stilettos in a club on a Friday night, you can see that they're fucking trying, cause you can see the whole of the posterior muscular being engaged to try and keep those goddamn things on. (I personally absolutely fucking love a good drag night, but I digress.) even if you do not like the performance, you have to admire that it takes a degree of physical effort and a degree of confidence and a degree of sitting with yourself as a person, to be able to do that.  

And I think that's where we get round to why drag queens actually really intimidate men who come out of this subculture that Andrew Tate comes out of.  
I think the latter really do understand that they could never do what the men in the former category manage to do. I think they know they lack their self-esteem, I think they know that they lack the security in their own identity, and I think they know on a deep level that something about their external projection of sexuality does not match up quite with how they feel inside.  

Bisexuality is a little bit more complicated than "it's all just 50-50", and really the reason why you find a lot of labels in terms is because we haven't really decided on a way to talk about humans when it's not just a case that you're 100% on one side or the other. Humanity has always been a diverse spectrum of affairs, and that's what makes this world such an interesting place. This is also true of gender presentation, which in case you hadn't noticed is somewhat related but also fundamentally different to who you fancy.  

(In other words, just because you think about it once or twice, doesn't mean they were actually going to do anything with it, and that is perfectly fine.)  

I really feel until we get to a place where we are more comfortable discussing the spaces of liminality that we have in our world, you will always see subcultures like this crop up. I'm not saying that you have to be gay to be a dickhead, plenty of straight men are incredibly talented at being absolute cunts. What I'm saying is that there are a number of men who have something about themselves that they cannot fully reconcile, there are external culture often ties it to their sexuality or their presentation of masculinity, and that while everything is in such absolute binary, with incredibly narrow definitions, we are always going to have deeply angry and deeply frustrated, grown adult men, who cannot love the little boys inside of them, but now they have muscles, so they can do some real damage when they have a tantrum.  

And when they don't have a tantrum, apparently what they do is to pretend to be women online to men who are actively getting off on it... am I the only person who finds this odd?  

If you think about it, there's not a lot of ways where you can be 100% straight for sure, here. Not when you're claiming to love it, not when you're claiming to get everything you want out of life by doing it.  

Everything that forms part of this is the discussion on the patriarchy, because the discussion of why it emasculates men to be referred to in any terms other than being 100% straight and 100% passing for straight, in any other terms than completely cis, and the fact that we even talk about emasculation at all – this is all of the discussion of the patriarchy, because whilst we have at least two states of being, one of which is acceptable and one of which is not, and the only way to really fully access privilege under patriarchy is to be this incredibly narrow definition of what it is to be a man, that is what the system is built on that perpetrates violence on the basis of gender or sexuality.  

This is why I don't really have time for people who are arguing about whether or not women can have a penis; I don't give a fuck, because that's not the reason that I'm getting violated, is it? The fact that people have these conversation conversations about what stage somebody's bottom surgery is at, as if somehow not having specific parts of anatomy is going to change the fact that we socialise in men routinely of violence, and we do not give them the tools to resolve their emotions as healthy adult adults, is absolutely laughable.  

We will never end violence against women and children on the basis of those fundamental characteristics, whilst we maintain systems of hierarchy which fundamentally put us in different places. That doesn't mean that you can get out of having any responsibility to do anything better for people, by saying that we can't change everything tomorrow. But if we want to talk about where we start from in terms of principles, I would suggest that the very existence of the penis is not necessarily the biggest problem in the world. If anything, talking about it as if it is the most important thing in the world, just reinforces what these ridiculous men believe. It gives the thing altogether too much power, and you can see that in the way that men can become homicide violent over what they perceive as disrespect towards it.  

Tldr the men are broken, require fixing.  
Please action.  

---

[Sometimes I'm surprised I got away with this, tbh.](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chloe-birney-78b95b2bb_what-do-propaganda-prevention-and-prestige-activity-7332631758154170368-0Xwy?utm_medium=ios_app&rcm=ACoAAEzZf5sBQCZX9MaUon1j8NIHcaS29nKVYqs&utm_source=social_share_video_v2&utm_campaign=copy_link)  

This was after I was under significant cognitive strain and it's quite clear that I've leaned on ChatGPT to put something out.  

I don't hate it, though; I'm almost disappointed we haven't heard much from my bestie simce then.  

Guess the being one of Epstein's lawyers might be a bit too obvious of a talking point if he tried to talk about his book.  

I used to get very anxious about some of the patterns of what looked like someone or a group of people taking interest in groups of my posts at once. It made me really second-guess if I done something wrong, and sometimes I would end up over explaining myself in attached comments, to try and get ahead of any misunderstanding that may occur.  

I'm not sure that that's really what was happening, now.  

I don't really have a good sense of the intention of what is happening, but something I'm noticing a lot of recently is almost like an understanding that I don't fit into an ordinary easy category, and trying to define upon what basis my politics are on.  

I'm not really sure if I'm just being looked at as one example of money in this regard, or if something else is going on. I'm just sort of bearing with it.  

It still sort of confuses me, though.  

I think for me this felt like a very natural extension of atrocity prevention and response to genocide education, and I just didn't really see myself as being any different to a large number of people, even if that's not how everyone thinks, or even if there's disagreement on particulars. For that reason, I've always just assumed that there must be a lot of people going through exactly the same thing.  

---

[🇬🇧: Nick Timothy doesn't know what the call to prayer is, but okay.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQTEKqs/)  

For some reason I'm sruggling to find a previous post of mine about this, but it's giving [Itamar Ben-Gvir](https://www.newarab.com/news/ben-gvir-bans-muslim-call-prayer-disturbing-israelis).  

Ben-Gvir's family is Iraqi, so in Israeli culture he is viewed as a Mizrahi Jew, and this has it's own connotations within Jewish racial hierarchy (because the hierarchy gets more and more anal as you get to the core of it). for this reason, it isn't surprising that we often see him say some of the most aggressively anti-Palestinian rhetoric out loud. This doesn't mean that he's the only person who subscribes to that, and in addition because he is an MK for a particularly extremist party, he has actually seen as a soft touch by his supporters, who have called for him to be even more violent in his speech.  

Banning the adhan in mosques is the equivalent of banning bellringing in churches. The closest thing we probably have as Jews is shofar, but because the times that we do it, I would argue the connotation is slightly different for us.  
(In that ours is supposed to be a "deliberate annoyance".)  

If you then want to look at the liturgy of the adhan, the closest things that come to mind and Christianity would be either the word "Hallelujah" in place of "Allahu Akbar", or that section of liturgy that starts, "Hosannah in the Highest".  

So I don't really know why white people are so bothered by this.  

The dominant religion of this country literally has very similar things, as complete normality, many of which are done openly in public spaces.  

Is it because it's in a minor key, because as a Jewish woman I will be slightly pissed off if that's the only reason you're annoyed, because this is why all of your "Jewish music" that you put on when a Jewish character comes on, sounds shitty on stage.  

Not *everything* has to be in C Major, Steve.  


---
