[🇩🇪: "Germany withdraws legal backing for Israel in ICJ genocide case"](https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20260319-germany-withdraws-legal-backing-for-israel-in-icj-genocide-case/)  

That's huge news. Germany never not backs SoI in anything.  

[🇮🇷/🇺🇸: "US considers lifting sanctions on some Iranian oil"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c9d415g55nno)  

So it's going well, apparantly.  

[🇨🇾/🇬🇧: Cyprus may now be seeking to renegotiate on Britosh bases.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR97YFko/)  

This suggests that they now see risk as outweighing benefit, after the past 3 years.  

[🇮🇱: This is Netanyahuese for "we are *considering* not bombing Iran again".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9WE5bk/)  

That doesn't open the Rafah border, though.  

[🇮🇱/🇺🇸: Bibi accuses Donald of fake news.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9Ehn7C/)  

Oh no. What will the globe do without that bromance.  

(Maybe they did eventually X-ray that extremely silly golden beeper.)  

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: Israeli forces continue to willingly escalate at the Mount in Jerusalem, as part of Eid, running up to Jerusalem Day.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9EpCNt/)  

[More diaspora media sources must report this; this is against the ethics of many diaspora Jews, and that is the Achilles heel for Likud.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9EwSXu/)

[🇬🇧: We are seeing this rhetoric against Muslims escalate from Christian Zionists, to buy public permission for Bibi to finish what led to his brother's death.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9EXFut/)  

[And if you needed the Sham Uddin version (because I always do).](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9EC4tc/)  

(Apart from IDF wilingness to use soldiers to push their brutality instead of treat and manage their PTSD from prolonged contact without safeguards.)  

You are being asked to ignore Palestinians' right to pray at one of the most famous mosques in the world; you are being asked to allow for Israeli stare capture of the Sermon Mount.  

The extremists who love Project 2025, still believe that nuking the Middle East gets them their Messiah back.  

We are supposed to be present as Jews when they do that.  

They are only not saying it in public because they realised it played against their aims.  

Don't let them think you do not see Palestinian people at Al-Aqsa Mosque as fully human, and show them that you stand up with the Muslim people in your home countries.  

Fascists hate sunlight.  

(And Bibi is eternally stitched up about Jonathan dying "a hero", and still even now, looking for his father's theoretical approval.)  

[🇬🇧: UK being normal and using the Communities Minister and not the Defence Secretary. Context, please?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9EK3cw/)  

[🇵🇸/🇺🇸: The US is now covering the Al-Aqsa mosque outcomes, in part.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9odUu8/)  

Because you know what makes me feel really "dominated" as a woman, is men kneeling and putting their heads on the floor in my general vicinity, rather than doing anything else.  

Do you know what, I think if you would like to "dominate" me as a man, please let this be an example of exactly what dominates me as a white Jewish woman. If the white men and the Jewish men would like to take some inspiration, this is exactly how to dominate me, please do it. I would feel so scared.  

I really feel that the men of this country could learn some lessons, so I think if you need to show me how big and scary you are, this is exactly what you need to do. It's clearly what you are also scared of.  

[🇬🇧: Again, British men: please, perform your "domination" for me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1fdbm/)  

Tik tok. I'm waiting.  

Although we could just admit that what is very scary to big tech about the Muslim faith is that when you post news like this companies will see that globally, Muslim people are actually a large group in order to engage with. Every one of these videos is currently benefiting from an algorithm boost from the global Ummah.  
I thought capitalism likes to exploit us all, so when you don't report on things like this, it just looks weird.  

The interesting thing about this is that so many of us are in this algorithmic pipeline where as soon as part of the group starts commenting, the post gets shown to all of us, so if you really want some easy clickbait at this time, this is the type of stuff that performs really well in this moment.  

I'm not saying that I want Palestinian people and they struggled to be clickbait, but if we have to operate in that system and that's what we've got, I'm just letting you know as companies this is why this is a beautiful target market right now to tap into, on a completely capitalistic level.  

The leaders of the people who are doing the oppression here are currently performing in a way which invites scrutiny upon them, and this is not the same world that it was two years ago.  

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: More Israeli police not being able to recognise that emotion that could manifest as, "wow that's a really cool expression of humanity and worship of Divinity", and hearing "BLESARGH THE PALESTINIANS ARE DOING A THING".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1kgDv/)  

Calm tf down. What they doing that they don't do all the time? You still not used to it, acheinu? Then come back.  

[🇺🇸: "This is not how a leader - or even a man - speaks about war. This is how a child speaks about a toy...A modern Nero. Flames rising behind him. Spectacle before him. And a world watching in horror."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1sKKP/)  

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: I will consider shutting up about the escalation of violence towards Palestinians at the Temple Mount, as soon as Maimonides rises from the ground and corrects my interpretation of the sacred ground traditionally held to be the site of the Shekinah.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1HyYx/)  

There is a direct line you can draw from the acquittal of soldiers in the IDF from rape charges with video evidence, and the "conquering" behaviour exhibited around the land of sacred importance for its feminine represemtation of G-d; wherever anything is anything "less" than "fully masculine", all this violemce knows is how to devour and destroy, as in Goya's rendering of Saturn Devouring His Son, the forces of empire continue to consume the sacred of man, almost out of habit, more than even anger itself.  

If you don't want the comparison to consumption of blood, stop the genocide you have started; no group is so uniquely evil or vicious, that they deserve to be treated as anything less than human, and that statememt works for Jews just as much as it works for Palestinians.  

It is Western economic interest that got us here, and I will make kinder comparisons once we are not engaged in crimes against humanity.  

Do you think it does not hurt me, to point out our own failings?  

[🇨🇺: Activists from the Sumud Flotilla are going to try to break the seige on Cuba, so maybe trying to break sieges is not anti-Jewish.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx15BGu/)  


(Maybe feeding the hungry is part of the core of the Torah, but what would a woman know.)  

A lot of you have a lot of shit to say about repression of women in Muslim states, incidentally, and have nothing to say about the rising clamp-down on the Women of the Wall.  

When Western men get their photos praying at the Western Wall, do they not notice that it seems like a bit of a sausage-fest? Or is it okay to oppress women when men "on your side" do it?  

This is rhetorical; we all know the answer.  

Look into Israel's rape statistics pre-2023; what has this democracy done for women?  

The same as every Western democracy: silence them, minimise them, destroy them if they say, "no".  

We are talking about some very Temple-relevant Torah this week, so it would help if the Western media could contextualise and explain the rise in violence. Thanks.  

We're in the part of the Hebrew calendar which is used to fuel the Kahanist-adjacent extremists' raids on Al-Aqsa. So speaking up would help.  

You are underestimating the Bibi-centric world of symbolism, if you think that nothing will happen on Jerusalem Day.  

[🇵🇸: This is better context.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxJhSUe/)  

It's not just better because "connecting dots", but also "humanising survivors".  

Yes, they are survivors of genocide. It is still in progress.  

You can't seperate misogyny from genocide. Where the system is one of dehumanisation, it repeats, until it ends.  

Should I criticise these men as I criticise the Rabbinate at the Western Wall?  

Good question. Largely answered by, "am I more likely to be able to advocate for women when people are not under genocide, or under genocide?".  

Stop the genocide, and I'll start complaining. It is a skill I have been honing.  

More seriously: coercive systems of power are never based on one isolated factor, and they compound; when more oppression exists in the environment, more oppression of the most universal targets of dehumanisation will occur. This happens for Palestinians who are not as light skinned, of who don't meet Western aesthetic standards, for example. Under the terms of genocide, the priority is to reverse the conditions of dehumanisation as quickly as possible, and this will reduce the risk of fatal snd sexual violencevto women more quickly than individualised community advocacy projects. This is not to say these are meaningless, but given the audience who read this, advocating for broader rehumanisation is more effective, and acheives more for women.  

Palestinian women chiefly need Westerners to stop feeding their war machine; Palestinian women, as with women in all communities marginalised by empire, have proven time and time again that they are extremely capable of advocating for their own liberation on their terms - time and time again, they have asked us to focus on the military violence they face and to stop funding and material support, as Westerners.  

It is generally easier to tell your male community members what you need for change, when bombs are not raining down on your children; Palestinian women have been incredibly clear about what they need from the West, should we insist on involving ourselves.  

---

[🇫🇷: Are we *sure* this is not a cybersec thing, though?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9WKxVt/)  

---

Hm. Something very pointed and unkind is happening with my algorithmic placement experiemce. So I'm going to put on some audiobooks thst I like in that, "having the radio on so the house doesn't feel quiet" way, and chill.  

I can't recommemd enough, taking notice when what you are getting pop-ip autonatically doesn't make you feel joy, and isn't answering avtual questikns you've looked for answers for. It is good practice to be "self-directed" anyway, but it's getting so common to target very small and particular populatoons ("microniching"), that being aware of what you are experiemcr is becoming an essential skill.  

It's quite dangerous for anyone with any diagnoses where you've been told to "use distraction" – you'd think computers are neutral, but sadly there is so much influemce engineered into our algorithms now, that that is simply not true.  

Take me back to the days of geocities, when everyone's weird persuasion attempts were clear as day in all their Times New Roman with capslock for no reason goodness. My favourites were where red and underlined was alternated with blue and highlighted in yellow with at least three explaimation points, where a full stop ought to be.  

---

[Yeah... but they've lost control of their British-bred ants, bruv.](https://youtu.be/1vVTVR739yU?si=V89RocGi6ZsuMfsC)  

[You can't get this embedded without understanding the British ants. Yet they don't. Great R&D if you can handle it – you'd need the ECHR out the window, though.](https://youtu.be/Ucg5YQ26JpQ?si=ZtOG5pv_p7Xi72rg)  

[There is so much bipartisan dependency that this is essentially *why* we are not talking about the Epstein neteork impact on British politics. It all made all the CSE nastiness just "go away"... except when you brush broken glass under the rug, it crunches.](https://youtube.com/shorts/uwri6En7l0w?si=39X8UV7igJSl9Pqk)  

It's all just Beria, run on AI.  

[So, yes: Gaza is incredibly important for the future of British freedom and democracy.](https://youtube.com/shorts/BGp0qB_sdFY?si=vs22AX0PcoFLmBdG)  

Sometimes one has to be a little Krushchev with one's shoes, you know?  


---

Over the next 72 hours, a number of data controllers have the potential opportunity to put themselves on the right side of the case of my data processing, and quite to what extent my rights as a human being and as a British citizen have been undermined.  
This came to a head after I made a reasonable safeguarding complaint, and was shortly arrested thereafter with other women who are part of the victims category.  

I am currently unable to get very necessary data disclosures from data processes, who all share a processor party.  

For the same reason, as someone within the Redwall, I don't have access to political assistance.  

I do, however, need Labour women to stop defending the people who would've negotiated with this company; there is going to be a certain point at which knowledge would have been reasonable, and do not have knowledge or to be in denial would be completely unreasonable.  

The key benefit to me, particularly as there appears to be downstream foreign use of my rape trial with my father, is that in 2021, contrary to what the police interview that I undertook suggested in its line of questioning, which appeared to want more information on my network contacts in anti-genocide and medical oath politics than anything to do with what I was actually accused of, I was not dating a lawyer but I was doing sex work. Specifically, due to the pandemic restrictions, I was doing paid phone sex. there was a particular run on something that I didn't specifically advertise for, but that altogether suggests that someone somewhere got a little bit too cocky. One could say when we give one name and change the name giving some flimsy excuse, we might have got altogether a little too cocky.  

There is no reason that I should not have access to the custody records that would allow me to challenge and arrest that did not take place in compliance with the police and criminal evidence act.  

And I can't simply say that it's all about Palestine, because to some extent, it's about what men do when they think they can get away with it – on a variety of levels.  

If I can speak out against this challenge a British democracy, given what I have gone through, given what I have lost along the way, and given how deeply they are embedded across the entirety of my area's infrastructure, you can do.  

I have resisted doing what people do when they have survived coercive systems of control, and I am not going to account for every single little thing that I did, but please know that I have lived under that system for 10 years, so there are a number of things that I did that may have seemed out of the usual, but we're supposed to be actions taken to defend myself, knowing what I was going up against.  

Be wary of men who jump to call women witches.  

It's fascinating how Rupert Lowe managed to hear all of this testimony from Derbyshire Police and turn this into "Muslim grooming gangs" and not make a single peep about the white men that are being protected by them, or about the women who are being harmed by them, because apparently it is quite normal to be harassed after you make any sort of report to them.  

I need to be able to access what Derbyshire Police have processed in terms of data, and who they have processed that with, because I need to be able to make the final reports that would help me move on with my life. I standby the same reports that I tried to give at a workplace level under safeguarding process, to the Maggie Oliver Foundation, to the SRA, to my own mental health team, to my own university, because when I try to use any other process in this region, I was shut down. I was also shut down by the regional apparatus of the Labour Party.  

This feels a lot like trying to protect the reputation that is associated with other activities and something going to press, then it has anything to do with protecting anyone.  

In that interview, I was accused of doing things which I had never done, which no one had done to my knowledge, and yet which happened to me afterwards and which the police refused to report as crimes.  

The only thing that they would report, was when there was a photo I could give them of graffiti outside my house using racial terms for the word "Jew".  

Tell me more about how the Labour Party protect Jewish women. Tell me more about how the Labour Party actually ever does anything about abusive men.  

The women in that party are clearly fucking blind to who they are doing business with.  

The moment that made me snap was when I got the university letter, if you're looking for the data, Alex. it wasn't a single term it was the lack of protection from denegration, and the insistence on complete untruths.  

So yes, if you must know, I do have a boiling point. Well done. You've reached it.  

---

Shall we talk about the specifics of the pulp fiction, or would you likevto stop your company's use of nonsense SLAPPs to evade reasonable oversight?  

I will remind the audience that whilst I am Jewish, I also have blonde hair and blue eyes, so, "I can do both".  

And that's hardly the worst.  

---

In order to be sued for libel, every organisation that currently owes documentation from today to Monday (because the initial notice varied in the date that it went out), whichever data processor is currently trying to use SLAPP-like instruments in order to withhold data and processing which are all rights under the FOIA in the United Kingdom, will be required to allow my access to all of this in full in a timely manner. Without this information, I am actually happy to go to court because that would allow Discovery to occur.  

I believe that is at least "check", but we can keep going if this is really fucking necessary.  

Who has the capacity to interfere with government addresses and law firms across London in order to generate 5501s?  

Who possibly can shut down that many lawyers, if not through direct asks, potentially through a system which works a little bit like a credit score across various domains of a citizens profile?  

Probably needs to be something that works in data infrastructure, doesn't it?  

What can shut down two separate soldiers, one current and one of veteran, when they tried to support this discovery?  

Probably needs to be something with a defence contract.  

I obviously have no idea what this could possibly be or which company could possibly have anything to do with it.  

Perhaps I'm bluffing, and this is all just a way for me to make a point about how you really do want to be judged in front of a jury of one's peers.  

I have been writing under your dress for nine months; I tried to escalate this nationally at nine months, and all I got was a mental health assessment to see if I was going batshit insane.  

I didn't realise that fragrant violation of the data protection act in the freedom information act were just considered normal assets of life in the United Kingdom, now. I didn't realise it was considered normal not to have any whistleblower protections when you report and a whistleblowing legislation. That's what should've happened in 2024. I should've been a protected whistleblower at the point of making the very first report.  

I hope all of the people who have allowed this process to continue, and all the people who have believed what they've been told without actually checking anything, and without knowing me as a person, now see how "worth it" it was.  

Perhaps the University letter was just the simmering point, because what the boiling point really was this morning was getting so many little notes in my social media feed about how "everything is going to change this weekend" and "how everything is going to be great by Monday", and I know what you bluffing for time looks like.  

If my data isn't on my desk by Monday, I have to assume that what I have postulated is in fact the case.  

I am absolutely happy for someone to write back with the information that has been requested under the legal instruments that has been requested under, and robustly proved that they have handled my data appropriately.  

It's just that we all know the child porn has been there, and we all now know how public this is, so it would be pretty bossy to do anything other than give a steller evidence package back to me.  

---

Conversly, if the British establishment would prefer this to be merely an "intracommunity misunderstanding", just leave him with his adopted Yiddishe auntie for an afternoon. Peg-leg aside, I can sort data witholding nonsense right out.  

---

[Zoë Bread as our new Prime Minister works for me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9oPY81/)  

Did anyone else notice how all of the effective backbenches got moved into some sort of strange role in the Cabinet, where they would in fact be less effective, compared to how they were when they were fighting against industry as backbenchers?  

It's called elite capture.  

[The real reason why Jeremy Corbyn was a threat, is not ready to deal with anything other than the fact that he is extremely sticky on the matters of International law and human rights. It's because he literally follows it as it was intended.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9oh6VA/)  

To say that he was targeted by any of the groups that are usually put in as the targeting group, is not completely untrue, but it doesn't represent the real reason why he was viewed as such a problem to be dealt with.  

Anyone who stands on their principles, especially when there is principles slow down surveillance capitalism, is the problem.  

Everything else was used as a hook, but the actual real core of the matter is that he stated many times that he was not willing to sacrifice basic fundamental human rights when it came to growing this specific industry.  

We just have to look how microniched politics has become over the last 10 years, in order to see how not just labour but also the conservatives and indeed reform are all deeply influenced by the same behaviours that came out of whistleblower like Christopher Wylie. this comes out not just in terms of voter targeting, but also in terms of speech rating, also in terms of the very specifics of where a specific judgement will be made on a policy decision.  

Media is one of the most powerful ways in order to influence that, and it's why as our media is starting to find its voice again, we are seeing a more "strange glitches" happen on media videos, for example.  

The British democracy since the Jaco uprising, has been targeted to clamp down on expression in some extremely specific ways, that just keep repeating and just keep advancing. In this day and age it's just done through increasingly digital means.  

None of this is witchcraft. This is the same politics that we've had for centuries, but there are slightly different players in the game now.  

that should invigorate you and show you that when you start to get these strange instances and this strange pushback, you are challenging something which is very powerful, and that is not a bad thing.  

The more of us see it and the more of us are exposed to it, the less mysterious it is, and the more we understand how to get around it.  

These are technologies which have been done by many companies across the world, and they have often been trialed on other democracy with higher rates of corruption and lower transparency ratings, so when they are trial on us, there are already people who we can turn to for advice. The only people who are harmed by the setting being like this, other people who have too much ego in being white people and being the best, to the extent that they cannot turn to the Global South.  

What we are experiencing is not unique to us, it is something that people of the global majority have more generally has been going to for a long time.  

Now, are you "with us or with the terrorists"? Because we have a house to clean up – I'm not going down quietly, and neither should you.  

i'm not asserting the wrongdoing that many people think that I'm asserting when they first read this, I'm asserting that I have made all of these contacts and I have tried very hard to fulfil what is supposed to be fulfilled, and I have faced a parculiar chain of unfortunate events since then, including extremely serious allegations against my character. This has not just harmed me in isolation, it has harmed and still harms several other people as well, including vulnerable individuals. A lot of these events require data to be disclosed under the freedom of information act, to fully understand what may have gone wrong, and in every instance there are data controllers who are making very strange arguments to prevent transparency and to prevent disclosure, under the FOIA.  

I am literally just trying to do "the right thing" as described by the British government, and doing what we have all been asked to do in order to bring forward any concerns; I have been treated in a manner which is quite extraordinary, for doing so.  

---

[Ohhhh... is *this* how we all got predicted as "high-risk"? For...*checks notes*...saying these were bad investments by public bodies and charities benefitting from tax-exempt status, and filtering through the lists of complicit companies on spreadsheets?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9orFJ7/)  

How many countries is this software in, and it's actually making any differences across the board for localised behaviour?  
Localisation has been such a standard thing in tech. Why take it out?  

I think we've fundamentally proven that the ants behaved differently depending on where they are, and their environment, and how they have been raised.  

This little ant may not be doing what another answer is doing somewhere else; is the algorithm not advanced enough to distinguish that?  

---

[Palantir was only incorporated in the UK after our own security shortfalls.](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7449927.stm)  

My data went missing in one of those laptops, according to the MOD itself; the MOD is now unable to trace my name back to those security events.  

The MOD is also unable to trace my data in reference to either London and Southeast region or to RAF Cromwell when I visited in 2016, or to a defence conference in 2016.  

In 2016, my government data infrastructure started failing across services.  

If Palantir is *so fucking great*, why can't it help with this infrastructure problem?  

I was born in 1990; the categorisation of that data ought to mean that the MOD should know what the fuck is going on with it right now, especially given what is happening to my data currently, and the degree to which I have injured reputational attacks online. Why don't they?  

The inability of the UK to retain sovereignity over its data is its biggest problem in the current war, and what will push its risk the most, in terms of war where they run see us as a valid military target.  

You may think that I am just complaining for the sake of complaining, you may not be interested in my story in particular, and either of those is absolutely fine, except the fact that your data is now implicated as well. Your country's defence data is now implicated your country economic data is now implicated. So what are you going to do about it?  

We are assisting the bombing raids on a country which regardless of what we think about it politically, has a significant cyber security military investment in order to attack what it perceives as it's adversaries. It is nominally anti-imperial. The British empire is one of the most famous and one of the most recent.  

If none of you are connecting the dots, you are the ones who will sink the ship.  

How many empires over the course of history have been ended by the arrogance of their final days?  

---

[We pretend we cannot change the course of history, that we will be conquored regardless, yet we are a keystone and a fundamental risk to take on; we can be what saves or sinks a kraken-sized American tech corp. Can you not see how powerful we are? Can you not see how we can lawfully demonstrate what it means, to *really* "disrupt" a market or an industry?](https://www.gurufocus.com/news/8729781/palantir-stock-looks-pricey-history-says-that-could-be-a-problem?r=4bf001661e6fdd88d0cd7a5659ff9748&mod=mw_quote_news)  

(It *behaves* as an American company.)  

---

> "'Cause if you knew where I come from,  
> You would understand why I sing this song.  
> It's all changing – yeah, I put my hand up;  
> In fact, it made me man up and finally make a change.  
> See the thing about life is that it's, it's just too short.  
> Leave the past behind and only then you'll find –  
> There's more to life than you first thought."  

---

What is Ontology's UK "localisation" context based upon? What's the n-number?  

---

Incidentally, I don't know if we actually did any data to modelling out of Covid, but there are some extremely normal common sense level things which are showing up in the coverage, which suggests that we haven't really learned adequately.  

The MENA region beasted the rest of us in their response to Covid because looking at a Ebola and similar outbreaks like MERS and SARS, there was a real respect for the need to have early control over an outbreak.  

The UK and the US were two of the worst performing states in the entire world in terms of mortality rate.  

This really speaks to the concerns raised by the groups involved in Covid advocacy, in their recent statements following and as part of the process of the inquiry, because we can already see that there is a reliance on vaccination and testing trace at the expense of very cheap or free measures.  

Most of the things that you can do for any outbreak are essentially free, and all they really rely on is some basic education in microbial management, at an individual or a community level.  

I'm not deep diving into this area because to be honest it's quite frankly a bit too stressful for me currently, so I'm not going to be doing the level of work that I would need to do to say anything specific in a confident way, and I'm not saying that there are inadequacies, but there is almost this dependency on process to the extent that it appears that people aren't choosing to do the easy free things that you can do as an individual or add a community level.  

This is what happens when we bankroll too much with tech companies, is that it all becomes about the technology that can be sold and not about the really basic really easy and mostly free stuff.  

I am just going to briefly remind everyone, however that some people have already died (may their memories be a blessing), and so the PR needs to recognise that for some people, this is currently a time where they are arranging a funeral for a child they never thought they would lose.  

I understand that we can't necessarily always have that to carry at all times of the day, but it is worth everyone who is acting in a public spokesperson role just having it on their mind that for some people they have not yet gone through the process of closing the funeral. For some people, they are still in mourning, right now, for their child who has just gone to university. That is every parent's worst nightmare. There is a way to keep that space and to honour that feeling and that loss, whilst also being robust and positive going forward, but this again is where having the soft skills outsourcing-free, is really important.  

---

[Thank almighty fuck the metaverse is finally closing.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1dBa3/)  

"Humans will love this VR where they can gamble and not have legs."  

---

[Advocacy against SLAPPs, because whilst there have been gains, we are not free of them yet.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1dQdG/)  

---

[See, when I talk enough shit about enough defence execs, I get my nicer algorithmic placement back.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1yTxN/)  

I wasn't even massively into horses before all of this started, I just got place next to some people who *really* really like horses.  

---

[🇱🇧/🇮🇱/🇺🇸: This is a painful, but extremely appropriate, example of war reporting in Lebanon. TW for child death and burial.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9oEt2q/)  

If you want to spend our taxes, that we have paid in, with our labour, on these wars, we need to understand what is being done.  

If the public sees the reality and the public says no, that is a democracy clearing its lungs and using its voice.  

---

[That Farage boy wants someone to call him a goy so badly. Azoy, azoy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx1AnKB/)  

Jewish people need to be very aware that "Judeo-Christian", in reference to anything which hints at culture or history, roughly translates to, "only if on condition".  

This is a phrase with a very specific history, and is entwined with the pseudosciences that led to the Holocaust.  
Treat its utterance accordingly.  

"Bibi said..." Bibi shared stages with Holocaust deniers; achei, I don't know what to tell you, but he ain't saving either your arse or mine.  

---

