[🇺🇸: Well done Project 2025, for tanking the world's annoying cousin who got rich off some dodgy business and never stfu about it.](https://fortune.com/2026/03/23/us-government-insolvent-fiscal-crisis-fix/)  

How's that ballroom going?  

You know...  

Genocide are sometimes stopped, simply by having the Nazi backers run out of cash.  

Is the petrodollar going to start accepting crypto, or are you thinking of calming tf down with the death machines?  

You could just start suing a lot of the people who could theoretically owe money to the state, but that would be most of the auld orangina's mates.  

We are not going to be scared into joining your war, so we can get tanked, too.  

And we should be stopping all weapons sales; the genocide needs to stop, and the insolvancy of the USA should be a red flag to you.  

When did DE pull put of sponsoring the State of Israel...  

[Oh, only the day prior? How fascinating.](https://www.jta.org/2026/03/20/global/germany-pulls-support-for-israel-in-icj-genocide-case-battling-its-own-accusations-of-aiding-israel)  

To be precise:  

2026-03-20: Germany rescinded support for IL in ICJ genocide case  
2026-03-21: US Treasury declares it cannot meet its liabilities  

That's the two biggest financial backers of the State of Israel.  

It is incredibly important that the Jewish community of the UK realise that this is their home, and that although there was an explosion that happened very shortly after this, we do not owe anyone the support in a war which started illegally, and it is not in support of us as people, to enable us to become guilty in the crimes which constitute a genocide.  

I know you really want that to be a place where there are Jewish towns and Jewish farms, but this is our homeland, and we cannot afford to join this war.  

If you think that's too supportive of the IRGC, don't worry:  

> "It's time to change our strategy, and join to fight all tyrants."
>
> – Isabel Frey, *Ale Vayber Megn Shtimen*

Not once did I ever say that the regime in charge of Iran was great, what I said was that this was started illegally, and that a genocide was still ongoing. They have been murders of medical personnel in Lebanon over the last few days, so we haven't even cleaned up our own house yet.

If what you are looking to do is to assist people who have asked for military intervention, the way you do it is not through carpet bombing them, and you cannot do it when you have a genocide that you need to sort out in your own house.  

So, is anyone still voting for Reform UK's version of Project 2025? I heard Americans aren't *loving* the cost situation right now. And that was before he sent a load of Tomahawks to go and blow up a load of girls schools and oil refineries.  

They wanted a centralised executive power, and now perhaps it's all gone wrong, that executive and that power can take responsibility for what they have done.  

I mean, he could've just done that at any of the times where he was incredibly accused of rape or sexual assault, and this is probably why you should listen to women when we say to you that there is something that needs to be addressed in the hypermasculine violence of these men, and when we name specific men, maybe this is a good hint that maybe they do not have what it takes to be leaders and to execute power with justice and precision.  

Just maybe.  

---

Mozart's *no 40* is unapologetocally the choice for this moment, in all it's complexity and hestitation and holding of breath and joyous rage; it is everything and nothing precise, all at once. It's is judgement and speed and indecision and consideration and anger and tribulation.  

That's why it's an emotion-sorter sort of movement. You're not asked to commit to one feeling. You just listen, and move.  

You can't summarise it with one label out of a bucket, so an LLM will never understand it in the current capacity of those systems – it is playing beyond the English langugue's own capacity for words. (And modern German is not volumous enough, either.)  

These are languages standardised across large distances for the purpose of efficiency of imperial business; languages seeking to do this task, lose their capacity to describe the texture of the manner in which the emotional experience resonates, as they transcend the commonplace emotional experience.  

That's the music men wrote when their daughters die and their careers go to shit; men who lack experience of pain are infinitely more dull to listen to. Sweet, perhaps, but dull.  

*Sunny Afternoon* is *40*'s Morning (or afternoon) After:  
> The tax man's taken all my dough  
> And left me in my stately home  
> Lazing on a sunny afternoon...  
>
> Oh, save me, save me  
> Save me from this squeeze  
> I've got a big fat momma tryin' to break me  
> And I love to live so pleasantly  
> Live this life of luxury  
> Lazing on a sunny afternoon  

Where *number 40* sits with us during trepitation and crisis, *Sunny Afternoon* is the acknowledgement that life will always continue, and the simplest moments are the most free, and thus the only true luxuries a human can afford.  

---

> From archives:
>
> [🇬🇧: Big talk from a limited company political party](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRx3s337/), [who got caught up by this campaign](https://goodlawproject.org/case/general-election-help-us-stop-political-parties-misusing-your-data/), [in this set of contradictions](https://youtu.be/ScyLOj5QLoo?si=obDHgd4hU3bakn5g), [and in this controversy](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxT2NTy/).
>
> [It ain't just me who calls it the Project 2025: UK Bargain Bin Edition Party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxT17p4/)
>
> [I wrote a bare minimum guide to Project 2025 take-up in the UK. There are checklists.](Disruption_Kit/Big_Picture_Protocols/✨_Glimmer_Is_Taxable_And_Other_Big_Drums/🦤_Potential_Dodos/🍌_Project_2025_UK_Edition/README.md)  

---

[🇬🇧: UK policing, fyi, the story about black women going missing and being found deceased in water, is still picking up traction.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQ8smKd/)  

Novo News does a really good job over summarising the reasons why these can be both not necessarily suspicious cases and yet also the wider context can lead to a great deal of community anxiety, and this would be an ordinary reason to address that anxiety pre-emptively.  

This has been very clearly done for us as the Jewish community this week, so we know it is possible from MPS.  

Why the media have blatantly ignored it, looks a lot like institutional racism in the UK media. That wouldn't really be a shock or a surprise to anybody.  

---

"But why must we always defer to the Wisdom of the crowd when it comes to allocating scarce capital in a market economy?". 

Because they are taxpayers and this is a democracy.  

But we don't actually do that, we use a system of consent and common principles, and if we are arguing for a technocratic republic that has already been attempted. I believe it was called, "too socialist".  

We can get rid of this entire chapter, because the discussion of virtue ethics is truly unhinged.  

There is a particular 11 word sentence on page 207 thar particularly made me want to shred the thing, but perhaps that is a matter of personal taste, and I imagine I would feel a lot more generous if my degree were returned.  

---

Jfc you can't make this up.  

["This isn't Volkswagen's first experience of weapons production..."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQLDXF7/)  

No... [it's really not, is it?](https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/content/en/article/volkswagen-1)  

[It is useful to talk about how normalised some of these labour practices were, particularly towards specific communities, but also across Europe.](https://xekinima.org/from-the-abolition-of-roma-slavery-to-the-emancipation-of-the-racialized-worker/)  

One of the difficulties in hyper fixating on the Holocaust, especially when we only focus on the Jewish survivors and victims, is that we often miss the parallels between what happened there and then and what was previously normalised and what has since continued to be normalised, within European society.  

When I talk about European sense, the UK is included.  

This is not completely removed or detached from our conversation conversations about immigration, deportation, migration, and work status. It is not removed from our conversations about documentation and the documentation to travel, and it is not removed from our conversation conversations about borders. 

i'm still getting used to the idea that for some people what they've taken from Holocaust education is that secure borders and maintained borders are important to avoid the problem from happening, because that's not quite what I took from it primarily. However, I understand that that is the reality of what many people appear to have taken from it. The challenge that I would give to people in that mindset is, if you have any recent migration that you could not prepare for, or have not prepared for, what do you do now those people are here? What does your understanding of Europe's past teach you about what you would want in Europe's present and what you would want for Europe's future?  

Part of the problem in being locked into this debate about how to secure borders, is that we miss the bit of the conversation that should be about making sure that we don't reproduce the same circumstances, now that we have a recently migrated population, in any of our countries.  

It's quite a normal thing now that as soon as you say that, you will be met by call saying that you are supporting specific types of policy, but what I want to really get to, is that some people are already here, and regardless of any sort of process you put in place, they will still be here. So what do we have on the table as ways to make sure that they are enable to be as much part of our society and be able to pick up language skills and to work? If, as I presume that is your argument, that's what you would expect them to do.  

Sometimes we get so wrapped up in whether someone should be here or not, or how to avoid people being here, but we don't really talk about what happens when people are here and they are part of our communities. This eternal looping conversation essentially just delays the reality of the fact that some people are here whoever have recently moved here, and they will be such a blessing to that communities, and as human beings they deserve to be treated with respect. I don't think that should be a radical of you to take, that should just be acknowledging reality and acknowledging that we live in social structures.  

I appreciate that some people want to make a lot of hay out of the fact that those people may not have been born here, but until we don't have a disproportionate ownership of land in this country, we're very few people own a huge portion of the land, I really don't feel that the wealthiest people in this country have a leg to stand on in that argument. Given that these are also people who are not going to be dealing with however policy ends up changing communities where people are living closely together and in close contact, I'm not sure this is your area of expertise. I appreciate that some people celebrated the changeover in how periods are dealt with, but that is a symbolic move as far as working people are concerned, especially with increasing centralisation of power, and increasing decision decisions against devolution. If the main problem that led to people voting for the UK to leave the European Union, was that people don't feel like they have power in their hands, circling around this debate endlessly on the media and not really doing anything about it, when their actual towns and cities are changing, is really unhelpful.  

---

[🇺🇸: Protecting 3D printers also protects disability community projects, so it's a big "nope" from me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQL1N5E/)  

---

I think I'm going to rename this one, The Greyscale Semiboob Book.  

Colour plates would have made so much more sense; if you're going to do a bit, commit to the bit.  

---

I've also realised in the last 24 hours that I keep saying that Keir Starmer has been in leadership for nearly 10 years, and obviously that's incorrect.  

I'm interested that my perspective is that it feels that long and that Corbin's leader leadership feels so much shorter.  

Curious.  

---

This week has been really out of sync because of what's been going on, and I haven't gotten anything done that I intended to do on Monday.  

I'm having a very highly PTSD day, and I'm not going to pretend that it's completely divorced from the news cycle. I'd love to pretend that I'm a better human being, but whatever narrative impact this is supposed to have, it's having that impact.  

I also feel like the perception of time issue is something that I can reflect on while I'm like this, because one of the lovely things about PTSD is that you can have days that seem to vanish into a few minutes, in a few minutes that feel like they are several days long. There's some really interesting threads you can pull around the idea of the amount of data that was accessible after the Cambridge Antica rate, and the technology is available for that that you could essentially weaponise microniching.  

I'm not saying this has been done at all, but it's interesting to reflect on periods that could be completely unintentional, and comment on how the rapid recycling of Prime Minister's and the particular ways in which different people were covered in the media, can completely war your perception of the actual timeline of events. The reason this is important is because do you know what? I am having this really weird experience that I think is probably more common in the general population and you can probably only see if you're on the outside, which is that it feels like I've had this Prime Minister for decades and it feels like I want a new one, even though in rational terms there is no reason to feel like that.  

If you want to make sure that I'm not a massive kier starmer ahead, don't worry, I'm grumpy with everybody who has sat in power since 2020. I think it's interesting that you could be an outside body using this anymore targeted way to influence UK elections and to use that to bring in certain policies or to meet certain political goals, I don't think this makes it a massive conspiracy, I think what's really interesting is to look at how (assuming there was no intent at all, because history is always sloppier than a nice neat storyline) we may have the technology and the data access across different places to make that a possibility. We also don't have any protection from it in real terms, and that is what is fascinating.  

I do you recognise that most of the things that I talk about and speculate about should really probably be in the realm of science-fiction rather than any meaningful analysis on the modern day.  

I suppose the counter that I would offer is that if you look through history, it is usually the case that hindsight is 2020, and so sometimes being speculative into the future and asking what is possible with our current means, can help you plan around avoid avoiding specific risk risks in the future.  

If I write about anything today, it's either to note it down, because that was discussed my Notes apps are not able to always save everything apparently, but also to put on some of these threads and expand them further without necessarily writing an entire essay in one go.  

I would like to get back to the place where I can write cohesively, and I think I am improving in small steps, but I'm still a bit fucked up. (just being honest, it doesn't really need any action from anyone else.)  

There's also just general life stuff that I'd rather get out of the way, which will probably take out my writing for a few few weeks at a time, so I'm thinking about how I'm planning around that.  

One of them mode is disappointing. Things is that I've not received any response from a healthcare trust that I need to be secure, and I might have to plan to be completely self-managing in a position where that is not the ideal.  

I think this is where the risk management of corporate agencies or public bodies really fails to get to the root of problems, because there's an individual of any level, you're going to start making choices based on what you perceive as the risk. This then lends itself to be increased or decreased engagement. This is actually a fascinating area that a lot of people have done a significant amount of work to reduce spend in, but it's not the sexy stuff so it never really gets coverage.  

I'm also going tonight that I've been doing some LLM work that goes towards discussing a particular piece of media, and whilst I'm writing it here in little bits, there is a larger body of it elsewhere. I'm not particularly worried about not saving appropriately at this time, and I imagine that it's causing enough arterioconstrictive spasms in enough people to be a big enough aneurysm risk in draft. We really need to get away from this world of image being everything, but I appreciate that it's going to be pretty ingrained in the vast majority of a vast portion of senior leadership onwards across the country.  

What is weirdly sweet about that book, if you're really squint, is that it's very clear when you look at it from a hole how much respect the senior leadership appear to have for the people who are doing the grunt work of the company, so I don't know, maybe you guys need to recognise that they recognise what you're worth, and ask for a raise. I heard there are these things called unions.  

I also just want to see what chaos senses use when the c-suite faces the possibility that their workers might unionise. Maybe that's the dark humour coming out.  

---

[🇬🇧: This case, whilst not necessarily about coercive control in a DV sense, is precisely why when you are going through coercive control in the UK, the police will continue to see you as the problem long before they potentially raise questions towards whoever is utilising the law to harm you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQhP4Hp/)  

It's becoming more and more common for men to pre-emptively engage in police reporting and in law firm as a way to "beat the process", and as a way to extend their controlling behaviour.  

For exactly the same reason that this appears to be a repeated event, in the context of the circumstances, the police in the UK are really bad at recognising coercive control cases where the classification is VAWG.  

You can't be in favour of this and expect that to be meaningful change as a feminist, and so even those women in the Labour Party who don't concern them themselves with women outside of this country, you are undermining the ability of the police here to assist women here by not challenging this.  

We have progressively normalised specific elements of state and occupation violence, by responding to people on the basis of the beliefs that an occupation should exist elsewhere.  

Women simply can't trust the Metropolitan Police while this is still happening, particularly any women who are not white.  
As the MPS represents policing in the UK more widely, that extends to every single constabulary.  

This is happening at the same time that the hearings for the spycops inquiry are going on, women were essentially trained to conduct coercively controlling relationships, apparently for information, where it is incredibly unclear that they got any more intelligence than if they had not engaged in those relationships.  

It's really difficult from the outside to understand how men can simultaneously say that they can be your protectors, when they do things like this.  

[We see men organise in their violence against us, just so they can be more efficient in violating us, and so in inability to police this in a wat which makes common sense to the public eye, is meaningful to all women](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQhMhRR/)  

---

[🇬🇧: I don't know why the alt right are still making hay of this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQhWhE1/) Why are you all so desperate for women to bend over and kneel and bow with a man right begind them? You do realise you're being given the grace to not have someone explain to you, that women stand behind men, because we all know that globally women are more sensible and selective on aggragate in any patriarchal society? That's the same in older forms of churches, synagogues, temples; it is universally recognised that women get to have measures in place to stop any errant men from being arseholes.  

You know that one weord uncle at the wedding? Do you want him behind you, or in front of you where you can keep an eye on the fucker?  

This is a rehash of "protecting women" from people telling them what to wear, by dictating to them what they can and can't wear.  

This limits the possibilities for all women, and we shpuld be able to choose any day to wear whatever we like, without you all collectively having a meltdown.  

The biggest problem in the world is not how someone expresses themselves with the aesthetic choices they make with the vessel which carroes their soul.  

If we could tolerate this, we could have such meaningful conversations about everything else.  

But really, at its core: what, precisely, is it about the choice of others, which is unsettling to you?  

That is a far more interesting conversation.  

(Also how is an abaya not the coolest it is litrally a cape.)  

---

I've got the somg for the demibreat book: *L'Chaim Stalin*, Daniel Kahn and Psoy Korolenko. It is this. It is chatchy, it gets underneath the skin, but the purpose jarrs with the reality exposed by its rendering into exsistance.  

It's the lack of purpose to be a work of irony, I think, that feels so decidedly odd.  

---

[🇨🇳: "The facts are not decided by you and by your government. The facts are decided by the international community."](https://youtube.com/shorts/DfWxDePSbr8?si=cq66Po9rplEK18qT)  

---

[🇺🇳: Reparations, and the crimes of slavery as crimes against humanity, were passed in the UN today.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQBTCEw/)  

---

[🇬🇧: What happened with the Defence Secretary interview??](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQSLLyd/)  

Sir, ChatGPT is not accurate.  

[Let's start here for a "general idea" od what we probably have.](https://www.globalmilitary.net/navies/gbr/)  

[The let's nail our Daring class Type 45 destroyers - 6 of those, as per MOD.](https://www.royalnavy.mod.uk/equipment/ships/daring-class)  

[Then we have our Duke class Type 23 frigates - last year we had 8, with 6 due to be in operation.](https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/royal-navy-confirms-eight-active-type-23-frigates/)  

Is what you're saying that we have 17 of these vessels combined, in total once we take into account the ones in maintenance?  

There are complex maintenance agreements, and the navy will be getting some newer, shinier toys (26s and 31s), in terms of the frigates.  

I really want to be able to give a lot of benefit to the doubt to why this was a slow answer and why this did not seem confident, but I am a little alarmed at the fact that we are talking about a military situation in which a significant part of our coverage is going to be naval.  

As these answers tend to come from MPs actually asking questions in Parliament overtime, it is actually something that may now be required to be clarified for Hansard.  

I appreciate that sometimes briefings can be a lot to hearing in one go, but someone who is briefing the Defence Secretary needs to sit down with him and have him be able rattle it off and have it ready to go.  

This should operational readiness for something exating like an OSCE, or a viva, or worse: general surgery ward round.  

("You don't know all 40 patients' exact U&Es? Why did we bring you?")  

---

What makes this better is that in very close succession, I had a paid promoted YouTube video that was apparently about some sort of endgame of this presenter (which I thought was odd and now can't find), and I've just seen all of the news headings that change the ambulance story in its intent, so the whole thing is entirely weird on my phone at the moment. I really do feel we need to have a conversation about the use of PR and image management in our normal political messaging, or only contain political messaging to certain places or have a place where you can go for the fact checking element. This actually just makes it really confusing to engage in normal new stories in the UK.)  

Ah! I found the video and this is what's really interesting. It's not coming up as if it's been promoted in a paid way by the person who made it, I haven't watched it so I'm not going to say that they had any other intention than to represent what they felt was a genuine risk (I have found the number of things that the same presenter has said to be a problem, and worthy of challenge, so without watching it, I'm not prepared to shit on the video itself), but it's been hyped which means that other people have paid to promote it. That's a bit weird for content made over a week ago.  

What's really interesting about this is that we genuinely have no idea whether it's got anything to do with politicians that we have, and it happens so much for a huge number of parties that it's a bipartisan phenominon. What's even more interesting? Is that if you re-pair it back and stop thinking about left face right, and stop even attaching it to trying to get certain policies through, you can cause a lot of disruption to the UK information environment just because we have not put any extra safeguards in to make sure that this kind of steering is not whatvis steering our news cycle. I can't tell you how many incredibly rich people just have day is where they go, "oh fuck it, what happens if I do this?" – if you have enough money, the Internet truly is just a version of the Sims, and into some extent that curiosity to just poke it for enough to see, well if I spend X amount of money, can I make something happen here, is probably just an expression of human curiosity with nowhere in particular to go, and a bit too much money in one person's bank account. It's basically kids on Minecraft, but this is adults with political and news item content. Why would they not fuck around with it? They're bored.  

I do love it when people interpret what I'm saying to be some sort of support for a conspiracy, when what I'm really saying is that I've spent about 20 years on the Internet with the same guys, and I know sometimes they are just bored and they are just winding up the system to see what it does if they poke it enough. I'm going to say that a lot of them don't even have that much of a he wants to be with politics, they are just really fucking bored, and their entire life has become about the Internet or about something digital, and they are being Edgelords.  

---
