No internet on mobile device for 90 mins; laptop equiv of 3310 nokia is okay on same networks.  
Happened shortly after phone call. ??? any rationale, technically or otherwise.  

Migraine now includes free word retreival neurological aura (it's fine, it's been scanned), so no big writing unless triptans turn particularly magical.  
Something v clear in last week of influence engine in close metadata, is that the current party in gov is weirdly hot node, and can confirm with >99% confidence that the carp is, in fact, a herring.  
I think the pattern of throwing one Muslim MOD man, and then one Jewish defence contractor (presumably also male), to the dogs, is a very telling pattern and a very telling series of choices.  
I hold room for the fact that people who I'm not saying are at the core of my particular data tangle are adults with their own lives and therefore I cannot give them a free pass on everything else that they may have done in life, but I am decidedly unconvinced that they are implicated here.  

Ngl I have a lot to say about that book (jfc), but that doesn't match with the pattern of behaviour I'm seeing that appears to have corrupted my data across systems.  
Honestly, it makes more of a case for "second person who said this was a terrible idea", more than one of guilt. And trust me: I am anti-UAV-for-everthing and anti-AI-targetting enough, that if I wanted to eviscerate this person in particular, I would have done so without hesitation.  
This does say something interesting about the silence of the company, therefore, and concentrates on other sausages in the fest.  
Seperately, that book is fascinating for what it's placement in the wider ecosystem of industry is attempting, and upon who it is making an impression, or otherwise.  

The thing that helps narrow the data fiddlers on my end, is that I'm looking for someone who is almost certainly a mediocre white man, who is becoming increasingly narrow in who he (or they) are willing to offer as a sacrifice, in relation to an ingrained and uncallenged acceptance of white patriarchal supremacy. This could be one or more men in a variety of political guises, but it does live somewhere in the swamps of the Thames, and it appears to fetishise Jewish women, and have an very particular duality of fetishisation and fear of Muslim and Jewish men.  
I keep saying this, but the degree to which white men think about other men's cocks is ridiculous.  

My priority this weekend is to bury yself in Shabbat HaGadol, so that I might get any of the things done that I have intented to this week, to which I have been interrupted. Already there is too much on the calendar for the weekend, and not enough headspace to be useful.  

Bisous - and fuck a UK Project 2025, no thank you.  

(I mean... technically the same data tanglers have also done a weord mimic of my dead grandfather, but I'm pretty confident we put the right body in the ground, so... you know. Kind of felt we only had to rule out any of the men who still knowingly had a pulse?)  

---

Completely lost connection on both devices, but weirdly can get around it with VPN, so whatever is causing this is very low-level technical involvement.  

Device devices iOS, laptop is Windows. In every situation it is almost as if what's getting stuck is the outbound transport protocol. It's like it's really trying, and it just can't get through the entire protocol in order to load the page.  

All I said on the phone that was of any interest, that can't clearly be seen by everybody else (because the other thing definitely should be able to be seen by everybody else), is that he said in his interview that questions were put to Lord Mandelson, but that does not align with his paperwork, because there is no such conversation documented, and "if it didn't get documented, it never happened".  

(i.e. The PM has, for whatever reason, publically and apparantly willingly, undermined his own legal defence?)  

So whilst our Prime Minister is saying that no one has been as harsh on him as he has been on himself, I'm not disputing that he may have been hard on himself, I'm just saying that perhaps some of us could do a better job of being harsh on him than the people around him.  

I volunteer as tribute, chaps. Seriously, just give me a few hours, I'll sort this whole phone nonsense right out.  

---

[🇬🇧: On a far more serious note, if you are a British businessman or if you're investing in this country, and you talk a lot of talk when it comes to upholding British manufacturing, you need to look at the case with Denby's.](https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz78eqj7vnyo)  

The rising energy prices are their current issue, but we also can't ignore how export and import has made it very difficult for British businesses to stay afloat internationally, especially when you're doing something that is quite a niche product. If we want British businesses to stay alive, this is the time where we need you to start restocking your plates.  

There appeared to be lots of political movements to try and bring forward this idea of British culture, but when it comes to literal British handcraft goods, in some cases, and we've seen this also with a number of other pottery or pottery adjacent firms, we need you to actually buy these products and use them in front of people so that you are promoting the goods.  

If it's not to your taste, it is very likely that you can ask for something to be custom-made in the future, or you can go for something which might be an addition to a collection but it's not a core centrepiece item or most of your dinnerset.  

This kind of thinking is what is keeping British businesses afloat, and so what we need to see from the business class, is more everyday involvement in walking your own talk.  

Yes, in this context, if you are loaded, you absolutely can start shopping for Christmas, now. Corporate gifting to staff and clients is also a thing.  

These are not long-term solutions, but they provide a cash flow in the short term, which then helps to get a little bit of wiggle room, which is very important if one of the factors is a very short term, not reasonable to be predicted by the compamy, stressor. This is one of the handicrafts which has grown in this specific area for this specific manufacturer, so I do not want to hear any Wittering about saving British businesses or about the threat of anything foreign, if you are unprepared to put your money where your mouth is.  

---

To briefly explain the logic, with the big note and disclaimer that I am not a lawyer, and so a legal opinion this will be far more interesting:  

- Cases like *R v Secretary of State for the Home Department, ex parte Doody* support that government officials need to be reasonable in their judgement, and that there is a minimum process to demonstrate that this has occurred.  
- In this case, the claim the Prime Minister is making to us as the general public, is that the reason he should not be criticised is because Peter Mandelson lied to him.
- He explains this as saying that after the due diligence vetting, Peter Mandelson how to say raise of questions put to him, and that Peter Mandelson lied, leading the Prime Minister to make a decision which was incorrect.
- This private conversation does not have documentation attached to it. If it was relied upon at the time, why was it not documented? This would be very normal process in government departments; this is normal process throughout the entire public sector, especially for taking a decision which may reasonably be believed to be contentious ar a later date. Where you are making a decision which goes against common advice, and in this case he was going against due diligence advice, it would be reasonably expected to document your rationale, and any key conversations.
- Judges generally prefer this to be contemporaneous reporting, and where you are unable to document at the time, you are reasonably expected to note the time that you are making the documentation, and also referred to when the incident happened, as well as briefly explained why the gap has occurred and how this has been the first opportunity that you've had to report and to document events.
- Prime Minister is simultaneously relying on a private conversation as evidence, whilst the paperwork which has been released in the first document tranche, shows that none of this was recorded if indeed did happen.
- The conversation is not whether or not the conversation happened. The conversation is why it was not recorded.
- The fact that the Prime Minister is now trying to rely on a conversation which was not recorded, is in itself bringing attention to the fact that it was not documented. He is therefore bringing attention to the fact that he failed to follow what is a very ordinary way of doing things and very ordinary procedure within the public sector. The Prime Minister has worked in the public sector for a number of years. It would be very strange if he claimed not to know this was the convention.
- Therefore, the fact that he is a certain that Mandelson is still the problem here, but cannot reasonably evidence that conversation, and the failure to record reflect on him as a decisionmaker and as a reliable witness (due to his failure to conduct himself as per common procedure), is an extremely strange choice.

To put this in context, in health and social care, this would be on par with the equivilent of not understanding how many boats we have.  

(I used to work in paediatrics, so we had to get really fucking good at this. Weirdly in this man's constituency, incidentally. I think it's absolutely crazy to assume that he doesn't know that this is normal process and normal expectation.)  

This doesn't tell is for sure that a conversation did or didn't happen, or that any conversation did or did not happen in particular way, but what is it very important about this is that the Prime Minister was a senior British lawyer, and he is relying upon a claim, to which there is not only a lack of evidentiary support, but to which the evidence actively suggests process was not followed.  

This is of course based on what is currently in the public domain, so again there could be a lot more context that we don't have, but this is just an explanation as to how what he is saying does not matter what has been released, under the terms of the Humble Address.  

I feel like I have to say for a reason reasons of disclosure that I'm not commenting on the criminal case which is being investigated, I'm commenting on the governance which we have been given as the general public in order to trust the government.  

We just need the British men who are listed in the Epstein files disclosed, in full, and the financial ties to the UK fully disclosed. Epstein lived here for several years. Are we saying that he was a sweet little saint for the entirety of that time?  

Hopefully we won't have yet another geopolitical crisis to distract us, or another potential terrorist incident, before Prime Minister's Questions.  

We need the Leader of the Opposition to be protected like the national treasure she is, pending Wednesday.  

The criticism of her exists because she is an incredibly good barrister. You don't have to like what she says, to appreciate the fact that what she is doing is extremely skilled, and that the woman has bigger balls and than most of the men in that room.  

I disagree with her tremendously on a great number of issues, and I have a great amount of incredibly harsh criticism, but she is incredibly good at her job, and that is to provide leadership for those that oppose and set a counterbalance to the current power, in order to push it to be better.  

---

*Maybe* a precise superinjunction we cannot see would explain this? But these are very rare, and if something depended on that especially in the role of national security, it would be very strange to have it so obviously contradict in public.  

Somehow Healey's stumble into conflating replacement figures with current figures, is more reassuring than Starmer's calm at doubling down on this conversation that appears unrecorded in the public record.  

This whole business is extremely odd.    

Any explanations that make any iota of sense in the British legal system are extremely narrow, especially when you consider Starmer's background, Mandelson's background, and the context of the appointment in concert. If there is anything where not only that there has been found justification for non-disclosure to the public, but also non-disclosure of that non-disclosure, the possibilities are incredibly narrow when you look at how the law works, and none of them look *great*.  

Although regardless of how bad they look, the alternative is that he's just strung himself up in public, so it's all very strange.  

(Is this the, "blink twice"?)  

---

[🇺🇸/🇵🇸: "US law enforcement foils plot to assassinate Palestinian American activist"](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2026/mar/27/fbi-foils-plot-assassinate-palestinian-american-activist-nerdeen-kiswani)  

Thoughts percolating; a lot to say.  

Btw Betar USA are the same group who essentially put us on lists and spread them. There have been cases in the US already, but the UK appears to still habe its head in the sand regarding any possible risk.  

---

[🇬🇧: Goodness. They're all glitching today.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQ96V4s/)  
"It's not a zero tolerance policy is it?"  

"Well, pretty much, yeah, pretty much."  

---

[🇬🇧: 🤨](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQxddML/)  

[The source FT](https://www.ft.com/content/2c34adca-1af3-41b9-a1b2-ccd1b8dac72e?syn-25a6b1a6=1)  

Stop supporting nonces and genocides, and you'll have fewer FOIs.  

["FOI clampdown risks shielding university decision-making from scrutiny"](https://afcomm.org.uk/2026/03/26/foi-clampdown-university-accountability/)  

In the wider politics, this is bullshit, and it invites questions to be asked about who benefits the most from the particular cap change.  

We can see in the Epstein files, as we have discussed several times, how much that network used universities in order to facilitate the wider activities of sex trafficking and abuse. You all can't explain where one of your aide's phones is, and yet you think we should be surrendering even more civil rights?  

---

[🇺🇸: Istg the Americans never listen to anything we say.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQxetqe/)  

Sir... what you are trying to do is a diplomacy-level move. British diplomats are not the British public. It's where we how we exile our rich people who do something embarrassing here.  

(I had assumed that this was the Mandelson appointment logic, tbqh.)  

---
