i'm having such weird interference on my phone currently.  

it's genuinely quite hard to subscribe, so I'm gonna have to finish the explanation on how very far right talking points have become normalised in my politics, and how it has been deliberately done so that most of you don't notice what you are doing by participating.  

I've said this on many occasions before, I'm gonna flag up that yes I have said all dumb things that are racist before and which I would be choosing not to repeat now, but also more relevant to this particular subject, I have absolutely picked up language or terms or ideas that I did not realise was coming from the far right side of the Internet, and so I recognise that that needs to be humility in the process from people who are deconstructing, but also I just need people to know that just because I'm Jewish doesn't mean that I'm gonna go best your ass for having cocked up once or twice.  

I can't really give the in person training experience that obviously I would prefer to be able to engage in, because of the nature of what we're doing here, so I hope that it is reasonably clea throughout the writing that my priorities certainly is to encourage curiosity and education, not to necessarily come down on people like a ton of bricks. Have a lot more of a problem where people are choosing to engage in it, and obviously they're just gonna be times where I'm very angry about something and I'm having a little vent. That doesn't change the overall place that I'm in, which is one of wanting to facilitate change. I know I need to make improvements, in regard to that and I'm gonna try and do it over the course of time.  

The weird error on my phone seems to have stabilised so let's see if I can actually go back and do any work.  
