[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: As Israel's military censor in-state tightens significantly, and the process of journalism itself is threatened against, I just want to remind you of when David Rovics wrote this jingle.](https://youtu.be/iM5b9Q2N01E?si=v7CXDGw14I6kw4BF)  

It is interesting that even in-house the decisions around the military censor are that unusual that they brought out Ben-Gvir to say it. This wasn't a decision to project politics, but rather it was a decision to project a certain amount of power and "don't ask".  

This limits the conversations that people can have with family members outside the country about what's going on. Because of what Jewish migration has looked like for 100 years, many Jewish families have some family members in Israel. Any family WhatsApp chat will inevitably include people from all nooks and crannies of the political spectrum. However, the State of Israel (as a state, as a legal entity; not necessarily in terms of people) is currently projecting fear, and because this communication is so easy now, this is probably the first time in most people's lives that that has ever been the case to see as the diaspora. The state of Israel has run on hyper masculinity for a very long time, but after 1967 this was significantly upscaled as a specifically "sponsored by United States of America" business, and the expansionist ethnic nationalist party, Likud, have had control of the country since the 1990s. For the background of all of this, to be currently producing discomfort around wanting to show how much is being impacted is quite profound.  

I will be very honest. I do have very complicated feelings about this, because you don't know 100% during a time of war whether or not every tip you're getting is rooted in any reality or whether this is deliberate interference by another party or whatever, so there is a a lot of digging involved, and there are some rumours that there have been some significant targets. Something that I'm finding personally quite difficult, and I don't necessarily expect sympathy from a large range of People for this, I'm just observing the emotional status. I don't really like seeing anyone murdered if I'm absolutely honest, so I don't really care if they are the worst person in the world, I just have a personal enjoy the receipt of that type of information. I find celebrating People's death's pretty grim, which is why watching the white public response to the Ayotollah was quite uncomfortable for me. However, I know it's sometimes this is how different emotions are processed out loud, so whilst I very much advocated for mouning to happen without undue interference, I also understand that some people need to be angry about it without undue interference. I know that this is just not the right emotional time to really have rational discussions about the nuances of politics; we are all human, and human brain struggle to do those two things at the same time, particularly when under significant stress. I am also extremely aware that our attention on everything else that going on, is taking our attention away from the fact that the Palestinian people in Gaza are still locked in without any way of getting food into their land, by other people. This is cruel, this is barbaric, and this is a crime consistent with the crimes of genocide.  

With all of that said, I am struggling a very strange emotional place, where I do not like and find significant discomfort in any deaths at all, and there is part of me that just does relate to the Israeli public in a way that isn't rational but is based in propaganda, and at the same time, there is part of me that is watching one of the only states which produced any material support to Palestinians suffering a genocide, be the party that is dropping bombs on Israel. For this reason, it's hitting in slightly different ways for me in a much more polar way than I'm used to, depending on whether I hear rumours about military bases is being struck or civilian areas being struck. I am also very aware that the same close placement of military targets to civilian infrastructure that is true of Iran, and has been used as a rhetorical device to try and excuse striking a civilian target, and was used extensively during the bombardment of Gaza to try and excuse civilian targets, is also true within Israel. I am not condemning anyone who has a response to this situation that is coming from a place of deep care and support for Palestinians under genocide; it is not going to help me if people in the wide immediate ecosystem start trying to get them to contact certain strikes, that would be like asking the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising survivors to condemn Dresden. no one is saying there aren't complicated ethics in there, but trying to get this black-and-white response, especially it's such an intense emotional time, is really strange and inhumane. I'm just recognising the complexity that I have, I'm not necessarily proud of any particular part of that emotional response, but I understand that because a lot of people might have that complexity, I want to acknowledge out loud that it is a thing that others may be going through.

It is still very clear whether or not the IDF has any operational plan of any value for the nutrition and welfare of the residents of Gaza, who they are responsible for under international law, so whilst the occupation is illegal, they are legally required to meet those needs of anyone who is subject to that occupation. The reason I keep raising this point, is because part of the way in which the Holocaust was hidden, was with war, and this is the case with several other genocides as well, Bosnia being a standout example in recent memory.  

By holding accountability for genocide, that action is not in none of itself anti-Jewish racism. Accountability in a meaningful way becomes more likely than more that we normalise pushing back on normalisation of genocide. I mentioned yesterday about the normalisation of war crimes over the last few years, and this is a moment where we can see that it has been very difficult for IDF spokespeople, to try and evoke a narrative that invokes empathy, precisely because a lot of of the specific concerns around potential war crimes that they are reporting, are indeed things they have not just done once but have done many times in recent years to Palestinians wherever they are, and also in Lebanon, and in Syria. There is also the argument that there would've been reasonable understanding within the IDF, that striking oil refineries in Iran would have led to the specific damage then caused as the oil goes through the water cycle. This is a particularly brutal weaponisation of nature.  

I recognise that I personally don't need to argue whether one group is good and one group is bad, I don't need to adjudicate on anything in particular, and because I'm already having a complex emotional response, I'm not going to do that. i'm just writing this because I know the other people will have complex emotion responses, probably very different to mine, and we are pushing through a very changeable time in our lives and in history. The cognitive impact of forced moral adjudication on every single piece of news, is part of how the wider picture of propaganda works; if you are exhausted, you are less likely to do anything that material helps the real problems like, what the fuck are we doing about getting nutrition into Gaza?  

Where is the Board of Peace? Is this their job? Legally, this responsibility falls to be occupying party, even why that occupation is illegal, but is the Board of Peace supposed to be doing it for them? Has anyone asked?  

If you sign up to a job like that, you can't realistically say that you did not realise there was a catastrophic nutrition issue anyway, so surely these men have something to say, no?  

---

🇬🇧/🇫🇷: Re: "Britain is leading on this": [bro, Emmanuel is escaping France – he's already set sail](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRutmGp3/).  

Do you know what might make this whole thing more popular? You know how we get to vote people off Ireland and out of competitions on TV? Can't we just vote for politicians we want to include on these missions?  
Although I'm not sure that anyone hates our troops that much.  

[Emmanuel even came ready for his shoes to be inspected. He's serious.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRunAuLC/)  

---

[🇮🇷: "Iran's happy to keep this going until oil hits $200 a barrel."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRutWDHo/)  

The United States is using this line about "short-term pain for long-term gain", but it's fundamentally unclear whether its own population can't afford to do that, and that in itself is a risk for civil unrest. What else has been going on to the American public, this could have significant catastrophic consequences for that administration.  

---

[🇬🇧: I want to add something further to all these accusations at the greens of suddenly become something different under Zack Polanski.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRunDbKR/)  

Whilst they are actually looking like a more formidable political force and then in itself is probably quite concerning to people who are affiliated with right-wing populism, it is also not lost on me that Jacob Rees-Mogg has made pergorative "Illuminati" comments towards Jewish MPs (including the Speaker at the time) whilst he was a Member of Parliament in the chamber, talked about "globalists" as a concern of his on GB News frequently, and he is now accusing the only party leader who is a Jewish man of being a Communist Red.  

Babes. Go home. What you think of us, is showing.  

During the last 10 years, there has been a significant effort within mainstream political spaces, to crack down on any criticism of one country as if that represents the entirety of what Jewish people experience as being discrimination in this country. Because this has been so distracting to people who might have otherwise I've done something productive about anti-Jewish racism, we are left with a scenario where antisemitism is absolutely rampant throughout the entire system, but everyone is genuinely oversaturated and in many cases, people have had livelihoods destroyed out of suppressing political expression.  

Did you not notice that it was anyone who was left-wing, or anyone who showed any solidarity with Palestinians, and absolutely no one else, who was was targeted with complaints of antisemitism?  

This paradoxically puts us in a position where there is so much good faith lost with the people who might have helped us the most, that it is genuinely something which is challenging to build now.  

Also that the West could prop up a deregulated economy, some kompromat, and not have to talk about why and how it allowed child sex trafficking to occur on the scale that it did.  

In terms of overthrowing governments, and antidemocratic politicians, perhaps Jacob would like to explain what some of his contacts were doing, because there's some interesting conversations between Bannon and Epstein in those disclosures, which do mention him and others, and if there is any truth to those communications, it doesn't scream "patriotism".  

---

[🇬🇧: Also, the Green Party appear capable of negotiating on appropriate fixture of potholes.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRutEaHP/)  

But sure, it's because they are a communist threat that we shouldn't vote for them as working people.  

I don't think people realise how easy it is to actually win elections in this country, if you literally just do the job you are supposed to do, as an elected politician.  

There's a lot of other reasons that they are competitive party, but it's a very normal in this country to get such a bad deal, when you live in safe seat areas.  

They are winning because they are doing things which allow the general public to perceive them as decent people. It's really not rocket science.  

---

🇨🇺/🇪🇨/🇺🇸: When exactly are we covering the fact that Cuba may be collapsing as a state due to blockade? And is Trump going to Ecuador or has he gone to Ecuador?  

(Literally anything but talking about the reasonable person that his profit will have, well I want to say the release of Epstein files.) 

Don't worry, UK. I'm counting down the days until you become late on your first tranche and pull half of it, citing national security, as well.  

---

[🇺🇸: $7 million on lobster tails sounds like a war on the bloody lobsters, tbf.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuWXj6t/)  

It's all very Versailles.  

---

[After PMQs sounds like maximising the time between the next yelling opportunity.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c4gqj5z4qwqo)  

This incrntivises the leftists still in the party, as well as the Lib Dems and true democratic conservatives, to all get their question slots in asap.  
"Since then, a cross-party parliamentary committee, the Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC), has been involved in a complex process with government officials over which documents can be released - and with what redactions - to comply with the will of MPs without jeopardising national security or the UK's overseas relationships."  

So as long as it was done under an alliamce signature, it's absolutely fair game? Great. Great great great. Can't think of any allies who may have lobbied for or supported the appointment, who might be less than fully hinged.  

The UK is following the US, in contempt for survivorship, it seems.  

---

[Regarding matters of government transparency, this is my favourite question that doesn't look like the question that it is.](https://questions-statements.parliament.uk/written-questions/detail/2026-03-10/119285)  

You are never asking that question isolation; the answer you get is always very telling.  

---

Whenever and whatever gets released: remember this will be frustrating amd anticlimactic.  

The betting was done by men who understand when things should not be written down, furthermore, there will be reductions, some of which will not make sense, and in addition, there will be things pulled for national security that might be somewhat tenuously pulled into international security, and it will be argued that we are in active conflict. Remember that Peter Mandelson should not really be involved in the current conflict, as far as anything has been said in Parliament, so if that has happened there are indeed many more questions to ask.  

The cabinet is not in a position where it wants a vote of no confidence at this time; always remember that no matter how well intentioned these people start off, every cabinet we have had has been some form of lawyering on behalf of industrial oligarchs with stakes in this country as a producer of capital amd profit, to be absorbed for theor gain. Therefore, do not be surprised, but use it as a tactical blueprint to look for where the truth might be hidden, and apply pressure as precisely as possible.  

this is not a time for partisan politics, nor is this a time for friendship circles – this is a time to start mapping out what the 1% in this country has been doing for the last 50 years.  

If you don't know why I'm giving that figure in particular? Start paying attention.  

If you don't understand how CSE is inextricably shackled to late-stage capitalism: the system works by exploiting value, even when there is nothing to give.  

If we strip out all of the politics and economics words, this is just the practice of humans being antisocial and predatory and exploitaative towards other humans. Even in situations where one would think some sort of red line would exist.  

---

Noting also that the annual Al-Quds march has had its headline changed every five minutes on BBC this morning.  

When we say that it is pro Iran, are we using the same logic as the heritage foundation, regarding the Hamas knitting circle?  

HSN rhetoric was largely spearheaded in order to on board the American public onto the idea that they could have ICE in its current format. The intelligence that was used by that thing tank, because they used to show it in this wider network graph, some of it was really tenuous. So you would have people who legitimately did fund some sort of organisation which gave some sort of violence support, next to people who ran charities which had Palestinians on their board. There were several Palestinian charities that were essentially listed, with all of the People associated, in fact just for being Palestinian charities. CAIR also got a lot of flack from this particular political stunt, and this significantly undermined the ability to push back against the alt right.  

There is a very uncomfortable for liberals conversation to be had, about the ease in which we accept more arrests and more legal action, because until you are dealing with people who are on the street putting their bodies in between vulnerable members of the community and people who are there to provoke violence,, which we have already had in 2024 in the UK, you really can't see the impact that this has on having to risk manage scenarios like that.  

Until bodies like MI5 start meaningfully advising for greater prescription of far right groups, and ethnic nationalist groups, it's really unclear that this is not a political choice. I imagine when it comes down to it, the Metropolitan police probably have been given in intelligence in a way that suggests it will be highly risky, or it has received information which puts it into the area of having to decide to avoid a costly lawfare case. This is how interest groups, or rather lobbies dressed up as interest groups, can seriously undermine policing as well as democracy.  

If you are a liberal, please start giving a good name to what liberalism is. So far, People across the world in the last few years have been significantly lack down by liberalism not being able to push back enough rhetorically on measures like this.  

Perhaps I am completely wrong, perhaps there is a much bigger issue with play, but this to me looks very similar to when project Esther was first put out as a think tank policy, and this had significant ramifications. The particular ways in which the Palestinian movement in the United States was policed and was suppressed, made it so much easier for the Trump administration to come in and start implementing ice in the way that it exists now, which I will remind you has already murdered American citizens some of whom are white people, who were not found to be disobeying the law in any meaningful way.  

I state there's not because it is fair to anyone else that they were murdered at a much greater rate, but please let us all remember that ICE has already murdered white people with decent jobs who were peaceful in what they were doing, and we're following not just the laws of the United States, but also the core values of what the United States says that it stands for.  

Given that there was intervention by a previous Home Secretary which was later found to be unlawful, and that entire legal process has cost the taxpayer a significant amount of money, given the fact that the Prime Minister himself intervened on a policing matter which was a local football fixture, and there was significant enough evidence to say that it was at least controversial in terms of public safety, why is it that we do not see any front bench ministers advocate on behalf of these protesters, but even further, we seem to see this as coming from the front bench?  

What possible strings could exist that the Labour Party feels that it needs to do this?  

The Heritage Foundation is not a milk toast think thank; the policies which came out of this are rooted in anti-Muslim racism. You have all literally just announced a position in a definition on Monday, and somehow by Tuesday or Wednesday, you have also advocated for something which fits that standard of anti-Muslim hatred.  

I could only assume that this would feel particularly hurtful as a slap in the face, just after attending the Iftar in Westminster Hall. if you treated me like this after we had just invited you to the work Seder? Off the Hanukkah card list. "One free question about the Holocaust" pass denied.

I don't care if the Home Secretary is Muslim herself; I can't represent all Jews, so I don't understand why we all think she can represent all Muslims.  

If anything, once you are in a position like that, it becomes even harder to speak out against bigotry, and the fact that you have gotten to that level itself often means that you have had to assimilate significantly, sometimes to a degree where you have to internal eyes to some extent, the bigotry against your own identity. We've seen this for many years across the front benches of parliament. That's not to say that every single person is like that, but also it's easy to point to a lot of white women who've been on the front bench shows and to ask whether or not they were the worlds greatest feminists.  

Are we going to give Margaret Thatcher an award?  

There is a difference between being able to succeed, whilst pulling the ladder up from any of your peers, and being able to succeed almond arm with people who fight along alongside.  

This is why Kier Starmer kept using the rhetoric about being a toolmaker's son, and used the references in his family to the NHS, and was almost certainly advised to do so from a point of PR. Are we making him the worlds leading working class hero? A true combatant for the poor?  

This is where I identity politics has been captured by the elite, there is lots of work on this, and it is what a noise people across society about what they are perceiving to be "identity politics", but what is really a secondhand wrapped up discount version of the aesthetics of it, without the substance.  

Respectfully, to any of my Jewish spiritual family in the UK: this does very much concern you, because the Trump administration wasted no time in making lists of Jews across government and academia, it wasted no time in platforming very openly and loudly some of the deepest antisemitic shit I have ever heard in my life.  

When we join in on the repression and suppression of other rationalised groups, we allow the degree of repression and suppression to ourselves to escalate.  

Please stop giving the racists exactly what they want.  

[We have resisted before](https://www.jewishvoiceforlabour.org.uk/article/police-must-reverse-bbc-palestine-protest-ban-660-jews-say/), [so there is no reason we cannot resist again](https://www.jewishvoiceforlabour.org.uk/article/resisting-the-attack-on-our-democratic-rights/).  

If you want to look at who is defending your democratic rights in the UK currently?  

Trans people, Muslims, brown people, disabled people, black people, rape and DV survivors, Jews.  

If I've missed anyone out, I do apologise.  

We are fighting for your democratic rights, because there is something which is changing this country, and it is attacking us first.  

Please wake up.  

[There have been bands on pro Palestinian marches and demonstrations, it's just that the mainstream media has chosen not to report those bans. As a lot of of them come for Jewish groups that are not politically aligned with the state which advertises itself as the only Jewish state, might I suggest that you look at the Mandate grammar in which we are being police as a community, and do some fucking journalism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuTNg87/)  

The emergency powers act upon which Israel bases its state of emergency, which it is always in, does not recognise is Israeli Jews as a group, it recognises "all Jews" as being its remit.  

It does mean all of us. We are talking about a government that literally has an entire department for policing Jews outside Israel. You honestly don't think that they would police Palestinians here as well?  

Please, for the love of G-d, some of you get over your fear of whoever is advocating for British-Israeli business because they want to have some discount by doing it in a state which is credibly accused of having an apartheid system, and do some fucking research.  

Don't worry, because if you follow the thread long enough, you can start accusing lots of other states of being complicit in genocide, outside of merely Western countries.  

I'm going to leave you with that one, because you can actually have some wonderful fun if what you need to do is to get out of your system that it's not "just white people" doing genocide.  

---

I also do feel some solidarity as we have an MP who has openly stated that she is a rape survivor, and I really hope that her work and the work of others alongside her, does amount of fundamental change.  

I am having personal emotional difficulty with my initial response; I think I've spoken enough times about how long I've waited, the harassment that has been okayed afterwards, and the flagrant violations of privacy of my data by the criminal justice system, that I think everyone can probably guess the broad strokes which might put me in the position of needing some time to digest.  

---

[The UK government does understand or should understand that this is small end of a wedge when it comes to cyber capabilities.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuTkU98/)  

How dare you all talk about a digital identity like it is nothing, and as if it does not already exist?  

You have clearly allowed it on your own soil against your own citizens, so if it is really true that you do not know, perhaps you ought to be doing some catching up.  

The IPA requires British interest to refer to British interests on the islands; it cannot be used to private defence contractor, for a genocide abroad.  

Prove that I am wrong. Please. I welcome evidence to the contrary.  

---

I could also make the further point that anyone who is complicit in these different tears of policing, on the basis of what is recognised as potentially a genocide by the ICJ, all of that will later come out in that court case, and if we are complicit in it, if we do not challenge it, we can become responsible in Court at a later date, particularly when we represent institutions or organisations.  

It is fundamentally unfair to allow British citizens and British residents, people who are here in this country and part of your community, to be policed by the standards of another state.  

There are enough public arrests to raise reasonable questions about this in Parliament. There are enough public arrests to ask reasonable questions as journalists. If you think this will just stop at a small group of people, this is how you on-board things like the current American administration. You do not boil the frog by turning up the heat immediately.  

---

Furthermore, if the British state cannot allow any other way to be Jewish, then this narrow definition which meets its political needs and standards, despite the fact it never actually tells us what "British interests" actually mean to the state itself, then quite frankly... don't you think that looks an awful lot like the antisemitism you keep complaining about?  

You say that it is antisemitic if somebody holds me to a jewel loyalty standard, and yet, you are also telling me that by not fulfilling the standard of both being loyal to a foreign state and my own, that I am not a good Jew? Make up your damn minds.  

it just looks an awful lot like what you want out of Jewish people in the UK, isn't really for us to be who we are, but is for us to be a shock absorber for your financial risks. You appear to be the ones with investments, and yet it is us who have to take any of the public anger, alongside others who are racialised and marginalised within this rubric.  

I just want you to make it make any sense. I just find it a little hard to understand the particular way in which you are okay with me being Jewish, including in the privacy of my own home while I'm using the Internet, because apparently I can't do that either.  

I also still do not know who those white men were he would ring my doorbells every candlelighting time on Shabbat, moving it to the precise time as the time moves with the sunset, but quite frankly, I did not enjoy that, and I don't care how many Jewish people signed off on it, it was highly racist, and a purposeful desecration and interference with one of the key rituals of Jewish womanhood.  

That was why you were all still calling Israel a woman in speeches, and talking about how we need to save Jewish women.  

Respectfully, this is why I don't buy your argument about Palestinian men being the greatest threat to my safety or my happiness.  

If anything, a lot of white men have been doing a lot of free advertising, by being such cunts, and coming down so hard on racialised men that you have made yourselves look like absolute monsters, whilst making them look like the heroes in all this.  

I don't know if that's what you meant to achieve, but that does seem to be the output. Maybe that's why some of you pretended to be a brown Muslim man for a few weeks. I like that I still get all of these little clips dressed up as love messages still.  

It's cute that you are that desperate.  

Speaking of which, I might respond to another one of those academic emails, pretending that they've got no idea what I'm talking about, at some point.  

Perhaps the central administration team genuinely don't know, but I'm sure we'll find what we are looking for eventually.  

---

[Am I the only person who thinks that a sub-paragraph being completely removed, under the heading of "third-party data", leaving as it pertains to something that is apparently a headline item about Global Counsel, is not just a little bit interesting?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuwYCsq/)  

To be fair, I may have a slightly biased interest in knowing what it is.  

Hello, my dear friend The Unknown Data Processor.  

Hopefully you are not also on the list of "stakeholders I had to kick up the arse this morning".  

(To be fair, I also have a list of, "definitely has enough money to reply, and would likely require payment of a fine if seen by the ICO, and yet for some reason still withholding response".)  

"Personal data of third parties where this is not in scope of the motion;" – tbf it's probably whatever this was supposed to be covering for.  

So apparently, the current government is aware of further information that would potentially be relevant for us to know as a democracy, but which it is using the language and limitations of the scope of the motion, in order to not disclose.  

How how many times have I heard that in the FOIA response? 🫠  

A fun game is to ask the Labour Party about DPIAs, especially if you're in high categories, and see what they say. Extra points for bringing up the very obvious fact, which is that there should be further DPIAs in relation to the changing circumstances of October 2023, in respect to the nature of personal data it will hold.  

If you're wondering why, there is a significant corporate lobby which exists that cannot be excluded from being part of the data processing, based on the network of corporate interests present, and this corporate lobby appears to have potentially engaged in data activities across the United Kingdom, which have had significant impact on specific population groups.  

I'm not excusing the other side of the house for anything, I've already been very clear that there appears to be a very strange data bridge that exists between the Labour Party and Reform UK, which may very well be the consequences of a shared commercial vendor.  

Something very strange to us appears to have entered our democracy, and it is worming its way in, and this may be one of those places where we are looking at an access point, regardless of how much or how little was understood by the people who were used as an access point.  

The Epstein files are a long lesson and how everything awful about modern Internet subcultures, can essentially be traced back in one way or another to Jeffrey Epstein, this goes for those silly transactions that you have to pay in games for nicer pixels, it goes for cryptocurrency, it goes for some of the most toxic trends in media that have been and are pushed towards children and young people, it goes for the lack of moderation across social media is a whole – it really is the case that if you look at anything that's awful that somehow came out of the Internet, it just seems to be able to be traced back to the same small network of weird dudes.  

---
