When I was 7, we celebrated the end of terrorism.  

When I was 11, we said this would all be over in a few weeks.  

When I was 36, we said they only needed our bases.  

You say I am selfish for not yet having children.  

Medical research can't tell us why most miscarriages happen.  

We all know stress can.  

It does not matter that this one strarted illegally: we have to let them use our bases.  

You are selfish for not baring more sons.  

When I was 7, we celebrated the end of terrorism.  

When I was 33, I was told I was one.  

My blood curled at the thought of a mother losing her child.  

I was selfish for not baring sons.  

When I was 34, more people started calling me a terrorist.  

I could not finish my degree, to afford to bare sons.  

All year I watched fathers holding their dead children, I saw mothers drag their newborn and a fresh, 8 inch scar, after another order to run.  

When I was 35, they said it was wrong for a woman to end a pregnancy.  

They made us terrorists officially that year.  

I had forgotten that killing children was anything but wrong.  

But it was important, because we didn't want any more terrorism.  

When I was 36, I was told I would be taxed for not having sons.  

But that's okay.  

Because they told us they only need our bases for a few weeks.  

The war will be over soon.  

Because when I was 7, we celebrated the end of terrorism.  

That's why they want our faces on cards again.  

The CCTV makes sure we are free to celebrate the end of terrorism.  

Just make sure your womb isn't empty:  

We'd hate to find another terrorist.  

Women are being charged with murder for taking two tablets, in the country who is using our bases to bomb more babies.  

And I was 7, when we celebrated the end of terrorism.  

---
