Continuing until this gains into main headlines, because it's the only way to het anything going if we all post about it, in the age of dead internet and flooding the zone with shit, apparantly:  

> ["For Black Women UK have drawn attention to a troubling pattern across the UK, where missing Black women are later discovered in water, sparking urgent questions from families and communities."](https://www.theshadeborough.com/latest/for-black-women-uk-disturbing-pattern-black-women-discovered-water)
> 
> The Met used to have a unit for patterning high-risk violence against women. [This patterning was available prior to AI models becoming widespread.](https://youtu.be/JrvWPGRnUwk?si=1CCO1Nn1bqa6ltNe)
> 
> Black communities in the UK have raised concerns repeatedly, which have been substantiated repeatedly, regarding our bias for dismissing and normalising violence against black women and girls. There have been previous concerns that patterns and suspicions are not acted upon quickly enough.
>
> Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu covers this with reference to the current story, [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH4j5wx/).
> 
> Chandonpapi expresses the frustration with apparant non-action [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHbQDLm/).
> 
> [Tanz also eloquently summarises why this is so disturbing to watch being ignored.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsrpkN/)
>
> [Kim ties directly to surveillance capitalism, with simple examples to show just how ridiculous this is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHtTrrf/)
>
> [Amie humanises these women and theor backgrounds.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH7Twk6/)
>
> [Maryam discusses how this story and the lack of coverage, demonstrates misogynoir, and what that means in practical terms.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH3jN6r/)
>
> [This is the degree of concern that people are having, and if you can see it in the comments as well, and the BBC hasn't reported on it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnRcRJ/) that is very strange because a number of stories in the BBC have been driven by troller and scrape her content online, so the fact that it's not being reported looks like there's some sort of filter operating on what gets published, which is what might be stopping this story. Can the BBC fucking sort itself out, please? It's not "DEI" to not report on yet another death in a row of deaths that looks strange to the public; it's fucking weird to not report that.
>
> [You can see how much distress this is causing in how this news is shared, and in comments sections: example from The Bouncer Hub.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsHXu9/)  
> 
> [Story originally linked from the shout out by Ani.Says (also produces content for The Canary)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHfwggg/)  

---

I am now geolocating to Thailand, and yound men with skin so flawless it's like glass, are teaching me about treating insulin resistance with dietry measures.  

It's me, so it's surrounded by videos of planes and cats.  

---

Day 10 because hormonal cycles fluctuate in response to men being idiots; my womb is literally shedding any capacity to have children, because men have set the world on fire, as usual.  

*You* are the birth rate problem; this is what this does to our bodies. If your only solution is force, you're not fit to lead.  

---

Council wevside stuck, failed butyons until refresh; slowing completion. Requested RCA systems issue within LGA systems, multiple affected.  

Clarifiers returned 1 of universities and cabinet office; former clarify searches, latter irregularities in record.  

Exhausted, pain ++, not yet confirmed secure data health/social, so no safe access. Increased digital/data negetive impacts if increase socialisation, so community support not safe. Thank you "unknown" data processor, for being an ass; I hope you get turned into a blintz and get snatched by the cat.  

---

[TikTok and Meta risked safety to win algorithm arms race, whistleblowers say](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cqj9kgxqjwjo)  

Supported by previous whistleblowers from surrounding corps.  

---

Whoever is doing the legal writing for Labour: you are being defendive and evasive. No amount of essay based noodling is helping the Jewess reach safety; please just do what the FOIA actually requires for legal compliance ffs.  

it's actually just really annoying at this point that people are trying to pretend that I'm just irrelevant, because if I was irrelevant why are we keeping some pieces of information from 10 years ago? This suggests that recordkeeping is not proportionate or compliant. Why also is it so difficult to bring up any emails from the wider infrastructure or to divert appropriately? None of this has been done.  

The longer this gets dragged on the more this looks like reputation management was engaged, but that the mechanisms which may exist under the policy in the party for those purposes, may have not been officially engaged.  

The reason that I bring up the demographics that some parties are trying to insinuate is "using the Jew card", is because various things which have a significantly racialised tone have been done so therefore it is relevant, and when organisations have really relied on rhetorical messaging around my identity, it is very painful to see that being done and also see a lack of legal compliance.  

Maybe there has been legal compliance, but currently what I'm saying from a lot of organisations and a lot of officers, is a complete refusal to engage in a very basic legal compliance. Extremely basically legal compliance. This is at the level of regional politics. It's very unclear to me quite how much it permeates to centralised politics, and how much centralised politics is being kept from full disclosure.  

It is also currently unclear to me to what extent parts of the apparatus which should be protective, have been given incorrect information versus how many of them are actively part of the faults in the data story, which ultimately makes it difficult to assess compliance and the degree to which the system is causing harm.  

Essentially, I am trying to give people an option out, and they're just not taking it, at several levels. It's very frustrating.  

---

[This is not actually the first example in recent history where there appears to be some political influence being exerted upon the ICO. The idea of that, in the current economy that we have, is highly dangerous.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9JMvub/)  

Your data has a net worth that is significant, and you don't necessarily get to control that unless you utilise reporting to the ICO, so making it non-political is incredibly important, especially as we enter what we are currently in which is a war that combines an information warfare front.  

By allowing capitalisation, what is happening is that your data is being sold not necessarily with your knowledge and for profit, and you are the person who is going to have to take any of the risk that comes out of that, regardless of whether that's from a foreign state or just a bad actor.  

The price of your petrol will be the least of your concerns when you see how much this can fuck you up.  

(In essence, I don't really understand why we're having a conversation about article 15 (1) being the only responsibility when article 15 (3) exists. And everything else; this whole conversation about 15 (1) is getting away from the fact that 15 (3) exists, and these are the questions that have been put to you.)  

---

My LinkedIn noise is so specific to being analysed on the basis of the precise terms of my Jewishness, by someone working with agentic AI products at a "come to this industry conference", not a B2B buyer level.  

Like, bro: I *see* you.  

Fucking come out and solve the problem, man.  

You are making this unnecessarily difficult, achei.  

(It's a term of endearment. I could use worse words.)  

---

[Whose "British interests" is this even in?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9dw6Rd/)  

[Humpty Dumpty is very upset because the other boys can't afford to play with him anymore.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9d7UY7/) 

---

[Re Gaza People's Tribunal](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9do9ur/)  

