Regarding [the new one about Jerusalem](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🦕_Elder_Influencers/🕸️_World_Webs/📯_visions_of_isiah_jersusalem_tripwire_stack.md): I think sometimes there is a belief that just because I don't wholeheartedly support a specific political project, that I want bad things to happen in these situations. To clarify – I do not want bad things to happen, I just look at situations and see patterns. I do not like having this kind of mind.  

I will also acknowledge that, as a result of the way in which we have been discussed in the media since 2023, I am in the soace where I am a lot more receptive to some voices and a lot less receptive to others talking about "what this means" on an emotional level. I do have emotions about it – mainly about the threat of extremism to Palestinians and the community of Jerusalem who have held these sites in custody for centuries, and the possibility of damage to a work of art. Judaism is not about trasging other people's stuff, and there are specific rules that ought to afford the site pritection, but are not regarded in secular politics, and certainly not where there is genocidal risk and an apartheid.  

I want to be wrong. I want to just be overthinking it.  

---

I sort of want to restructure the whole repo to represent the move to Exousiología vs Influenceering vs IRL Functional Case Studies but also how much do I hate myself to do all that work 🤔🤣  

I guess in many ways, when I first started doing this alongside the FOIs/SARs, I believed that I would get to a place where I would be allowed some space to rest. I feel like I've done all this work, and I have a lot of mined clay, and it's shapeless blob.  

---

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: Iran strikes Israel? Israel punishes Palestinians.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR95ccox/)  

This is an extension of the course of genocidal violence, as seen in events like the Holocaust, it is escalating under pressure, as in periods like the end of French Algeria.  

Do not expect it to be responsive on liberal European terms.  

With the approach of Jerusalem Day, the recent annual escalations of extremist violence by settler groups, and the ongoing cover of war – this is an incredibly fragile time. Prioritise listening to Palestinian voices; demonstrate that the world is aware, and that at minimum this cannot occur without question and in the dark.  

---

I've been in conversation with Data Controller Y for about nine months now, they will not clarify anything for me that is of any use, can't justify their legal decisions, have refused very simple data principles, and I've given a lot of grace to the fact that they may not have intended the information sharing that they very possibly are implicated in.  

We were going back-and-forth about this notice of preservation of evidence. This is because there is now a criminal element to the disclosures, regardless of if those disclosures originated from Data Controller Y or not, so reasonably given how difficult it's been and the degree of harm, I would like to lockdown any evidence which may exist. I would also like to do this anyway, even if it did not come from Data Controller Y, so that we can reasonably rule them out. They have been a significant nexus of information for me for the last decade, so it's not unreasonable to focus on this specific case as being one of the more important data controllers to get a clear picture from.  

During the time that they have resisted this, my last email to them was one sentence and it was asking why they changed their legal posture in their responses, after a selection of stated dates.  

I have received a three page email which is extremely libellous, and quite frankly, cruel.  

Anyway. I really hope that I can get some help with this in general, but I'm also just sharing the experience because I think that's the most clear one I've had so far, in what is an incredibly valid exercise of my rights as a citizen of the United Kingdom to find out what the fuck happened with my data over the course of several years, where it appears that significant reputational damage has been caused by external factors that I do not have control over, through corporate, public, and charity vectors which absolutely should have their shit together.  

Three lines for three pages is pretty impressive. Especially when they appear to have had to essentially bend the truth or attack my character, rather than answer any of the questions which have been reasonably put forward over the course of nine months.  

This is an organisation that refused to acknowledge the first 18 months of our shared data together, and made me put in a new SAR for a different site within their own organisation.  

The organisation has also managed to contradict itself so many times in one or two emails, that it is very unclear what activity it has actually ceased, what activity it authorised versus did not authorise (but does not rule out as having occured), and the scope of what it believes it still has the right to do in terms of my own personal or data at this time. I don't think they realise (or their legal team has realised), quite how many times they have contradicted themselves.  

If we take what is given as a statement as being the truth, and not an error in wording, this is still incredibly fascinating for what they are saying is currently happening to that data, and who may have access to it. In fact, it's so interesting, that it undermines completely the same things that they have said to try and undermine my character and my concerns in the same email.  

I am very unclear whether this is a bad case of legal English or whether or not this is anything more untoward. This is not the only data controller that has behaved like this, where the legal English contradicts (sometimes even in the same sentence), and this produces errors which are either hopelessly incompetent or, alternatively, they are competent but suggest a degree of serious business compliance irregularity.  

There is also this really specific issue that I keep coming across, and I think this is really important to explain to other British people who are not Jewish, because it just doesn't really affect you personally, but I can also see why you'd be very nervous to talk about it.  

I get a lot of of these responses where British stakeholders and data controllers and data processors, really do not understand what I'm saying when I'm talking about how Israeli domestic law is very different and that it views me as a different type of person than British law does.  

I've discussed this and explained this so many times, so I'm not going to do that specifically, but I am going to say that if you hit on things like this when you are talking in any sort of context about compliance or legal context, something that's really difficult as a British Jew is that you often get this defensive shutdown as soon as it's mentioned. That isn't really that helpful to me. If you want to have a good understanding of your people in your environment who are British Jews or who are Jewish and come from other places, it's just being a decent person to listen to our concerns. The way in which people keep responding to me on this, also tells me something really important – that's not about one or two controllers. It's about something across the system: there is a systematic lack of challenge, by British data controllers and British data processors, when it comes to Israeli parties seeking the data of British Jews. This is really important, because in Israeli law there just is more access to citizen data in general, add in conscription and formal access for state use is pretty standard, and then also because of the way that the British Mandate era laws still exist in Israel as part of their domestic law, all Jews in the world regardless of where they are or what their nationality is, are subject to Israeli domestic law by the standards of Israeli domestic law – therefore, in order for British Jews to have soverignity over their data in the UK, we rely on people in institutions – be it a public body or a private company or a charity – to ask specific questions and to put down specific boundaries, to ensure that our data stays British and we are acknowledged as British citizens first.  

This does raise some interesting questions about how culturally normalised this has been and for how long, and I imagine that that's probably quite an awkward conversation for a lot of people, because I imagine it's probably a lot longer than we're all comfortable with. This is a really important part of policy and practice to nail down, because if this is the case, this does actually explain a lot of some of the weird situations that we come into contact with on a regular basis as British Jews, that seem weirdly somehow worse for us as a group.  

It isn't actually clear whether or not this point has even been raised enough times for it to be recognised as a potential clash of law between the two different legal cultures.  

I guess what I'm saying, is that regardless of how much harm has or has not happened, I'm very aware that a big part of the reason that people feel very awkward is something that actively gets in the way of having sensible conversations. I'd actually far prefer a world where we can have a genuine conversation about what is okay and what isn't okay, and what needs to change versus what can stay the same, than get into these really defensive lockdowns as soon as I mention anything about my identity.  

Whilst I appreciate that I'm known as being somebody who is openly Jewish and on the Internet and reasonably assimilated into British culture, and that to some degree is unusual, I have not necessarily been that open about my Judaism in general life, so sometimes I feel like as soon as I've mentioned it, I've dropped a land mine. Unfortunately because there is this potential downstream usage of my data, I have needed to clarify my identity and I've needed to clarify that I don't have dual citizenship, as there appeared to be a lot of context in which people are assuming that I am British-Israeli. The reason this mattered, is because that would significantly change the legal situation of my data and who has rights to access and use it, and the potential purposes it can be used for, due to the laws that are in place and how they are structured.  

Realistically, this is a situation in which I'm not going through the type of violence that Palestinians are going through, and so there is an even bigger concern as to what's happening for them and their data in this scenario.  

What is speaking really loudly to me, in a variety of situations that are based on this same cluster of experiences, is that even if somebody who is reasonably culturally white, and is aesthetically white-passing, is that even in that position I'm really struggling to be able to have a sensible conversation, without either getting the response of dismissiveness or the responsive of panic.  

I'm going quickly put my hands up and say that I have not always been the best person to talk to organisations by email, and because some of these conversations have looped round and round again and again for many months. These conversations have been extremely difficult to navigate, there is often been information missing or information changed, or questions not answered or information not accounted for, and so for this reason I'm going to put my hands up and say I've not always been perfect. I'm also going to say that due to a very specific incident or series of incidents in summer 2025, there was a period of time where I was not able to communicate myself in a way that sounded reasonable and rational, and where I was extremely distressed.  

All of that said, we're now getting on for almost a year onwards, and I'm still not able to just get quite simple answers to quite simple questions, from organisations that you'd expect to be able to tell you pretty easily what they hold on you, where that's gone, and be able to account for it.  

As this is such a widespread issue between many data controllers, I can only assume that this is most likely a cultural clash that is leading to an irregularity in legal interpretation, and where awkwardness is stopping us from being able to tighten up the process. Part of the reason I'm asking people very overtly about things like an NDA or similar legal instrument, is just to discount that anything like that is even potentially in the mix, in order for us to start working on the underlying issue (that is far more statistically likely to be all that's going on).  

---

[🇮🇱: Incideous threats aside, this is the standard Bibi level of botox, plastic, and face paste foundation.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9uR2xq/)  

The man is not 21; the weird AI look was just weird.  

---

What is it that resurfaces Brexit again in the news?  

I love how it's "I don't want expensive petrol" but also, "BLEURGH EUROPEANS!!!".  

You think they like us? No. No one needs to "like" each other. It's just who you're existing next to. We can't just dig up the islands and move them at will.  

It's so funny because one you know the sake financial interests favour US-UK ties over EU-UK ties that also have oil and gas interests and arms manufacture investments, then it makes sense. Geographically, it defies the universal logic of physics.  

---

[🇬🇧/🇮🇷: "Britain’s national security adviser, Jonathan Powell, attended the final talks between the US and Iran and judged that the offer made by Tehran on its nuclear programme was significant enough to prevent a rush to war, the Guardian can reveal."](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2026/mar/17/uk-security-adviser-attended-us-iran-talks-and-judged-deal-was-within-reach)  

Do you know how much niche news I have to read to stop the gaslighting becoming what I actually accept as real? i.e. Everything is my fault, I am plucking concerns out of nowhere, I am making up any experience of misogyny or racism?  

None of the people who answer these emails take any indication of anti-Jewish racism seriously.  

Given the envirnoment we are currently in, given the physical evidence I have had seen by police of targeted racism, I think we can all do the sensible logical deduction, and come to the conclusion that either I live somewhere where Jews are uniquely hated and ignored, or that someone is negotiating between more than one controller, and is happy for me to experience anti-Jewish racism, more than what exists as standard.  

But I've just been accused of "conspiracies" by literally asking questions like, "hey, your legal posture changed after these 5 dates specifically, please account for this".  

If you use older emails, then yeah: I summarise any significant items that change the risk profile or can lead to misinterpretation of my data rights and rights to access and use by other parties.  

No one has actually meaningfully given summaries of what has been checked in a way that meets ICO guidelines, no one has involved the appropriate regulation where indicated in guidance and in legislation, and controllers and processors keep making a series of significant ommissions which even in concert *do not meaningfully exclude a third party receiving and utilising the data**.  

I have been asked for more evidence than when my father raped me. No one will confirm if my trial data was or was not shared. This is all now, somehow, in the public domain.  

I cannot meaningfully exclude a number of parties I thought were supposed to protect ordinary people.  

I feel broken. I want to rest. I am being prevented, until this is rectified.  

The minimum should be data security, because this would mean confidentiality. Something has taken that away from me, and I need it back to get better.  

[This? The Victim's Code? You don't get it, if you've been raped. This is people writing something on paper; it is not real change.](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-code-of-practice-for-victims-of-crime/code-of-practice-for-victims-of-crime-in-england-and-wales-victims-code)  

There are extremely senior males in the UK who do not benefit from this being enforced. It will *never* be enforced for free.  

And before I even *hear* my life being used to get rid of a jury? **Fuck. That.**  

The **only** thing that remains for me, after so much shit, is knowing that a jury of his peers made that decision.  

That is literally the only thing I have left.  

Do not take it away from anyone else.  

My rape and my body have both been used for men to conduct genocide – do not cheapen me further.  

---

[My feed just looks like lots of this shit today.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9uqJYN/) [Like, so much of this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9uWFev/) [So. Much.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9upJXE/)  

This and so much Labour and Parliament content.  

I thought all these parties said there was no data and refused to comply with the preservation of evidence notices?  

If I'm that narcissitic, ignore me.  

Or, given that I keep "beating you to the post" on good policy? Pay me.  

If you're not getting anything out of watching me – don't watch.  

---

[Bwahahaha. Bro is triggered.](https://youtube.com/shorts/Sf2hxnhKGBc?si=tOhlhUDEHr_AGVcY)  

Just say women are smarter than you; it's cool.  

Can confirm, btw: this island is an "insane asylum".   

Maybe Palantir is, too, because I've had weeks of stuff from there being on my page every two seconds, and that's even before I wrote satire about their corporate nerd shelter.  

I have a lot to say about this clip, because it's been floating around, chiefly because it's been interpreted a few different ways.  

Firstly, I find it really interesting that those are two distinct groups that apparantly don't mix.  

My entire plan for getting married in the future is to find myself a himbo; this is my target market. If I accidentally target the female side, do you know what? I'll cope.  

Secondly, I think it's really interesting, the idea that AI takes jobs away from any of those categories of people, when we see time and time again that it doesn't. The people who get undermined most by AI replacing jobs are neither of these groups. These groups could actually benefit the most if AI was implemented more effectively, because these are the groups who have a poor risk/return ratio re current labour outputs. (The reality is that no one will benefit, because it's a fucking oligarchy, not a meritocracy.) However, the people who are most at risk are an already status-uncomfortable and considered broadly as a somewhat "emasculated" class of men. They are in a space which is typically seen as "the liberal elite", but it's not really elite in the sense of having a lot of money, only in the sense that they are establishment; this leads to long-term status insecurity. Many of these men have been lucky, sure, but many of them have worked hard to be where they are, and whilst most of them have incredibly soft hands, that doesn't mean that what they're doing is not masculine or is not worthy of human engagement – however, when we moved to a very regimented cultural view of masculinity, they are not doing hard labour, nor are they earning crazy amounts of money, therefore their core identity status becomes emasculated. The reason that they are specifically disenfranchised by the way in which AI is being implemented (not necessarily AI over the whole, but the way we are choosing to implement it), is because their jobs lose value once they are done by something automated. These are men who are valued in part for their personality or for their bespoke artistry. They are valued for pieces of work which rely on some degree of human ingenuity and some degree of human individuality. This is a very dangerous class of men to take the economic bottom from, or further interrupt the status of, because what they will end up doing is producing all of those articles that start off fascist movements, which ask "why men are not manly enough" or "why they don't feel manly enough". This happens every time fascism sorts, it's a pattern we can see over a time, and wherever this happens it is largely men who have missed out on what has otherwise been a very physically challenging, hard labour, or high risk time for men in general, and they experience that symbolic lack of opportunity to prove masculinity at the same time that they experienced a very real financial sense of disenfranchisement or auserity. Because we don't allow men to have basic fucking human emotions, they lack the tools to think and feel within themselves, "actually I feel really upset and hurt and not seen as important", so they go on long angry runs either in newspapers or magazines or on the radio or on podcasts. So essentially what the AI guys are saying is that they want to make the manosphere impacts even worse *for men specifically*, but imply men get more control over women in their peer groups.  

By the way, I am not saying that all men are completely status-driven, but I am going to say that the way that society happens right now, in the West, a lot of men will find their status in ascribed roles that can be written down on paper, and that is where a lot of men derive any self-worth from. This is only helpful if you are one of the owners in a capital system, because for the men themselves who are doing these jobs, this means that they never have internal control over what makes them feel fully themselves and fully human and fully important and fully valued. It means that the magic ingredient that does that, is always external and always controlled by someone else. This makes it very difficult to stay happy.  

I'm starting to think that big tech guys are like the women who betray other women, in the sense that they have climbed the ladder, and they are now taking the ladder with them, barring other men from climbing.  

I imagine this is not necessarily deliberate, but comes from a specific and fetishised view of what work is and the meaning of work. The difference between how work is viewed in different places and particularly against different class backgrounds is astounding.  

To bring this back to masculinity and femininity in particular, because I think that is the main crux of what is being gesture towards in this clip, I actually had a very nice conversation with two very lovely people a few days ago that is on a livestream. We were talking about a lot of different things that link, and we're all that sort of personality that see links and bridges between different subjects. One of the things that we talked about a lot was the anger that has felt by a lot of men, particularly white men, particularly men who are becoming more economically disenfranchised, particularly poor men, particularly working in class men, and often young men and boys. We talked about how this becomes harm, but often how it's so harmful to these men themselves and to these boys themselves, and how it essentially stops them from becoming fully human and being completely and fully in touch with their humanity. Not only that, because they are being taught only one set of behaviours which demonstrates a very specific and harmful idea of what masculinity is, these men are essentially locked out of healthy masculinity. This, whether in the context of work or in the context of the Manosphere specifically, is problematic because men are not necessarily by default, "bad". As someone who spends a lot of my time insulting men and telling men that they are all trash, this anger on my part comes from being deeply harmed, often by men. However, in my writing will broadly, and certainly in the writing that I do which is private to me and offline, I am very hopeful that we are at a moment where men can take this in a more positive direction, not just for people in general and for the safety of women and children, but also just for themselves in their own happiness. 

It sounds absolutely fucking exhausting to feel so ashamed of yourself and so critical of yourself at every opportunity, which is what we see modelled in spaces like the manosphere, and which seems to be something that big tech picked up along the way. There's already evidence that big tech was set up to become like this, but it's definitely worth looking at how cultural influence has been put online by other parties, and this has been picked up by big tech. This is a set of behaviours which favours profit -drive under capitalism, and paradoxically rather than feeling more complete or more satisfied as you accrue more resource, what we often see is that there is even more of a push to do even better and be even more impressive by numbers alone. So we get into the chasing numbers problem. The chasing numbers problem often produces anxiety and worsens than any obsessive or compulsive behaviours in humans. If I need to validate that, I will cite it. I'm happy to find some papers to back it up, this is reasonably standard basic knowledge. Having come from a place where I have a mental health diagnosis which is in the stress disorder category, I can only imagine that doing this at scale for your entire lives, and not really having an exit ramp from that. It sounds so fucking horrendous that I'm not surprised that in some countries we see routinely the life expectancy of men not just being lower than women, but we often see increasing work demands lead to very premature deaths of men from sudden cardiac failure.  

I hate to break it to you if you hate the feminist and the SJWs, but this is not what feminism "wants" for men. I'm going to hold your hand when I say this: just as the word "men" in English can refer to a group of men and women as well as it can refer to a group of men, the word "feminism" is not specifically about prioritisation of women, it's about treating each other as human regardless of sex or gender.  

 
If you are being taught to hate feminism, might I suggest that this may be men with more power than you or who want to have more power than you, trying to isolate you from your potential allies? These are classic principles of war, and it would be more useful to be honest, if men could start looking at some of these really powerful influences like the manosphere or like alt-right culture, and ask themselves whether those men are really acting in their best interest, or whether they are behaving like the oppositional side in a war.  

I choose war because apparently some of you really get off on the idea of imagining playing it on computers, so please be my guest in this niche regard. I'm not telling you to act like this in life, I am not telling you to start channelling your inner Napoleon, I am asking you to start assessing and analysing what you are coming across in your day-to-day lives.  

The angrier you are, and the more animosity you have for the people around you, the easier you are to exploit both in terms of behaviour, but also in terms of profit. When you are angry and when you're emotional and when there is no way for you to deal with shame or deal with grief, you are so much easier to exploit and extract from.  

I would suggest that perhaps there is a lot to be gained from a healthier masculinity where instead of accepting your control over a limited group of people so that you have some control, so that you two are controlled by someone bigger than you, you may want to step into a different system of masculinity entirely.  

Something that was helpful in that livestream was also talking a great deal about how it's actually possible to bridge the gap between where we are now which is where men are so deeply disembodied from their emotional experiences in life, and be able to move to a place where it is possible to experience the more human parts of being alive, and not self-combust. (I have heard that this is possible.)  

This is all to say, that perhaps the more masculine thing to do would be to take control of how AI is being regulated and how AI is being introduced into environments, and rather than continue this rat race that has been going on for 40 or 50 years now, perhaps we may wish to assess which direction you'd like to take masculinity in for the new millenium.  

Perhaps it is possible to implement new tools and new technology in ways that don't kill off a significant portion of men's jobs, and that automate why this makes sense and where it is possible, and distribute status more equally.  

Perhaps it it is also possible that you might decide to implement AI in such a way that women have more free time, and this may in some situations, benefit you if you like women. I don't even mean you need to like them sexually, just if you'd like them to not be bitches. I've heard that we're a lot more calm when we're not running around doing all of the little faffy jobs.  

There are really meaningful ways that men can contribute towards a positive movement forwards, but in order to do that there is potentially going to be a little bit of discomfort around what might need to be adjusted and what might feel very new and feel very different, and accepting that it might not be perfect at first go, in order to push beyond just chasing numbers and chasing status, and move into a new century of a greater future for tomorrow.  

Idk. Or just keep taskmaxxing I guess. Up to you.  

[To really nail the point home, let's look at another clip that's gone around recently with the other half of Palantir.](https://youtube.com/shorts/LXpc1YiXDoQ?si=bhZ5AszeLS60wXka)  

So I think when you look at these two clips together, we see presented to us the two key figures at the top of this tech company that has become successful almost out of nowhere, with a combination of CIA and defence network contacts, and venture capital funding (roughly, this is the springboard).  

These are not the first two men that we have seen in a similar role act in this way and for it to play to an audience in the way that it is playing to the audiences.  

So then I think I'm more interesting question than what these two men think or believe or what they are like as people, because of the day they're human and whilst they are in many ways being really rather ridiculous, they can't be completely unintelligent or completely inept at the job that they do. Clearly something is valuable about them to stay in those positions for such a period of time. We can probably all agree on this, even if we disagree with the business model or what the business does or whatever else.  

What then becomes very interesting, is why you would continue to fund people who are delivering this level of communication style when they clearly have the funds and the ability to get media training to be more polished, and why is that in the interests of their key staleholders?  

Why would, for example, given everything that has happened recently with defence and AI companies, governments and defence officials feel comfortable with this being the projection of personality on behalf of defence contractors?  

Because there is something very specific that is achieved here, and it's less about propaganda for the sake of propaganda, and more about how to evade scrutiny for governmemts, in places like The Hague.  

I don't think half of the stuff that we all like to *think* is the CIA is *actually* the CIA, but this would be a clever move if it was indeed the CIA.  

Something can be deeply unethical and also clever.  

This is also why I prefer talking about systems, because you don't need any of these men truly understand what they're doing by doing this, for it to benefit other people.  

Incidentally, this is not all unrelated, from why it is so loud that someone with a background of a lawyer would miss pushing any further comments on the vetting forms for a potentially risky individual in terms of reputation of the UK government.  

It's why that silence should be a lot louder than it is being considered to be. 

---

["It's said that science will dehumanise people and turn them into numbers – that is false; tragically false. Look for yourself... it was not done by gas – it was done by arrogance... When people believe they have absolute knowledge – with no test in reality – this is how they behave. This is what men *do*, when they aspire to the knowledge of Gods. Science is a very human form of knowledge... Every judgement in science stands on the edge of error, and is personal... We have to cure ourselves of the itch for absolute knowledge and power; we have to close the distance, between the push-button order, and the human act."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR9xRecH/)  

---
