[🇺🇸: B-1 Lancer arrived at RAF Fairford in Gloucestershire on Friday.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c75ekve9yq9o)  

[🇮🇷: BBC: "Sleepless nights for some residents of Tehran due to ‘constant explosions’"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/ceqvwrydzpqt?post=asset%3A7d25fd7f-71c7-40e2-9810-38c50739c75d#post)  

[🇮🇷: Al Jazeera: "Iran death toll expected to rise above 1,300 amid fierce night of air strikes"](https://aje.news/ozn6u2?update=4374160)  

[🇺🇸/🇬🇧: The B-One is a very particular choice of aircraft to bring to a UK airbase.](https://boltflight.com/how-many-b-1-bombers-are-left-in-2026-inside-the-shrinking-fleet-of-americas-supersonic-lancer/) It is almost as if they are trying to make a point, but from a Brotish perspective, it's hard to tell, because this is how obnoxious your executive reads when it's not even trying to have a dick-measuring contest.  

And in true form, whilst it is a large, heavy capacity craft, it is old, only usful for scenarios which no longer exist in 2026, and really ought to be fully retired from duty, but you being them back from the boneyard every now and then because you alone are rather attached to it.  

Remind me whose military looks less impressive, now?  

[🇶🇦/🇦🇪/🇸🇦: "Qatar says the country came under a wave of drone attacks on Friday, with 10 fired from Iran and nine intercepted."](https://aje.news/1mdti8)  

Each MoD gives a different level of detail on what was targeted and where interceptions occured; interceptions are not as in Hollywood where it is always immediate - if "immediate" would down the missile over a high density residential area, a decision may be made to lock on and down over a more remote area to limit probability of loss of life. (Shrapnel killed people this way during the Blitz, please recall.)  

One of the reasons that the golf countries are trying to keep airspaces clear as possible, is to maximise their capacity to effectively take out and intercept missiles and drones, in a safe way as possible. Every craft you put into the sky complicates the picture, so else you can't change where things are on the ground, you can change where things are in the sky. This is why sometimes evacuations get complicated, and it's why they tend to occur with military planes only. military pilots have a broader capacity of what they can do legally, and it is possible for instance to fly dark with knowledge of location only by your allied services, and it is possible to perform manoeuvers that would be out of the normal remit of commercial. One of the key reasons that you take commercial flights out completely, is to give military entire control of the airspace. this does not necessarily mean that no commercial flights will occur, and she may have seen that there are some flights leaving from the Middle East which are commercial flights. These are just highly vetted and cleared at a military level first, to ensure that the conditions will be as safe as possible, and to allow for capacity for interception of threat craft to continue.  

🇸🇦: Saudi Arabia gave primary targets as appearing to be air base (Prince Sultan Air Base, al-Kharj), oil field (Shaybah); ? some civilian targets (unclear re east of Ridyah interception - to follow coverage inc Qatari twitter etc).  

Relevant treaties (🇶🇦/🇬🇧):  

-	UK–Qatar Defence Cooperation Agreement (2014) — military cooperation and training  ￼
-	UK–Qatar Strategic Investment Partnership (2022) — £10 billion investment framework  ￼
-	UK–Qatar Enhanced Defence Assurance Arrangement (2025) — interoperability and joint defence planning  ￼

Trade agreement (in developmemt):  

-	GCC–UK Free Trade Agreement (negotiations since 2022) — multilateral Gulf trade framework  

I'm trying to go stepwise with the relevant treaties and trading agreements because it's not widely appreciated in the UK, or indeed in the US, how we do have very live and relevant treaties for both defence and for trade with the Gulf states, and how much we were rely on those treaties being active not only as defence assets that we have overseas (however you feel about it, I'm just stating what is current at this time), but also to guarantee cheaper trade which does benefit us directly and has always benefited us directly.  
There is this very complicated question, which kind of pokes are hold in the argument about Iran's particular government, in that we very obviously hold treaties or trade with several governments which have human rights profiles and profile profiles systems of government, that we don't necessarily replicate or support in theory, as a Western liberal democracy. This is what makes all of the alt right guys, given their particular complaints, going to Dubai to be very strange to me. You could only really park this to one side, and even half believe the stuff that you say on Twitter, if you also fundamentally believed that white people are better than everyone else.  
The particular human rights situation will be a conversation for another day, but it does make you think with all of these alt right influencer chaps. Especially when they have things to say about basically any other government, and whinge about free speech at home.  

If you've noticed how very recently some of them keep talking about the Muslim Brotherhood in particular, this is an interesting thread to pull if you're not already aware of why they're doing it. It's a talking point that has come up in a similar way to the Chagos Islands; the timing doesn't make sense for British interest, for it to have suddenly come into the mainstream conversation, and it's a pretty big hint as to where they're getting money from.  

A lot of what might bring up isn't necessarily because I'm trying to defend any organisations in particular – it's because I am bone tired of all of this fucking grifting. Get a proper bloody job. 🤣🤣🤣  

🇾🇪: Notably, Yemen ("the Houthis") are acting only in ways which are non-military, in support of Iran at this point. Any deliberate provocation of Yemen would be a very silly idea from the US-Israel side; they have made it very clear that they are prepared to retaliate if this becomes necessary. You may not like the leadership of Yemen, but this is a sovereign territory, and any strikes are not helping, if we say you want is self-determination for Yemani people. Dragging in Yemen, especially when any interception defences have been under strain in the Gulf, and both Israel and the IS have spent resources bombing Iran, would be very unwise. 

---

[Finally.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmT1NXM/) The best version of the trending meme of, "I know who protects us", has arrived.  
🐈

---

Yesterday I spoke about how the US actually benefits hugely from other countries, and so it's a lot easier for other countries to impose boundaries and limitations on the US, then either the US or those countries generally appreciate. [This is a quick history of NATO, showing the shifts before and after the Cold War, as well as before and after 9/11, and it's a good description of why and how that is the case.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmTLd1j/)  

---

[I think we all do need to recognise that something about specific defence and FCDO chains is very off, and this is hindering comms.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmTY4XD/)  

Given the further circumstances and complexities and capabilities involved, it is not unreasonable to be asking to exclude a potential failure for civil service neutrality at a senior level in the foreign office, as well as assessing lobbying of ministers. The issue has been bipartisan and has continued through the previous government as well as the current, so we're looking for something that is either widespread in British politics, or something that does not change with government.  

---

"You only have a limited time left to book your cervical screening. Don’t miss this chance." – The definition of how to drive down numbers. 🙄  

Does anyone work on this, who hasn't also worked in sales, because my tolerance of having a massive piece of plastic shoved up my hooha is slightly different to buying that cute dress I've been looking at.  

Give control of healthcare logistics back to healthcare workers.  

---

The wider humanitarian cost of the war on Iran is building:  

[🇵🇸: the borders to Gaza have been closed against international law; a catastrophic famine is imminent, as a direct result.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmKDdsb/)  

When you conduct a military occupation of someone else's land, which is what is the case in Gaza, which is sovereign territory of the Palestinian state, it is your responsibility under international humanitarian law, to address the welfare concerns of the population there. We already know that the occupation itself is illegal as per the ICJ. We already know that the wall around Gaza is illegal as per the ICJ. With the borders closed, it is not possible to get the appropriate amount of nutrition into the Gaza Strip. This is a war crime. There is no lawful rationale for this action by the occupying forces. If the IDF even starts to say that it's about the wider security of Israel, I would like people to start calling bullshit to their face.  

[🇩🇪/🇺🇸: NATO base in Germany is no longer able to provide obstetric healthcare, to the pregnant servicewomen and the pregnant wives of servicemen, who stuffed that base. This appears to have been called directly in response to emergency and critical care provision.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmK4rdo/)  

It's also suggests that adequate preparations were not made for the scale of casualties who are being transported to that medical base. Given that there are several places that you could transport if you needed to medically evacuate, this is a Not Great sign.  

[🇺🇸: If wartime propaganda from the United States is that this level already, it suggests that they don't think that they're wider public, but primarily also their base, is strongly supporting them.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmKU8DX/)  

It means that whilst the worst track possible will be employed in order to deter anyone from putting limits on them, they are actually a lot closer to having to accept limits in practical terms.  

[🇵🇸: "I feel like Gaza has been left hanging."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRud5EJP/)  

---

Also, while we are all worrying about potentially World War III breaking out, Matt "Badloss" Goodwin clips appear to be surfacing or being made, where he's putting across the widely discredited, highly antisemitic, and highly Islamophobic, great replacement theory.  

Can someone please give him the hug that he needs and the pat on the head and tell him to go home, he's drunk (on ethnonationalist bs)?  

To be honest, I think everyone should take some solace that it could be worse, you could've been an academic researching the alt right, and come out a griftofascist.  

For someone who's got a lot to say about U-turns, my goodness, is that a U-turn and a half.  

---

Mandelson's bail conditions where renegotiated to be lifted, after the MOD confirmed that the drone that hit RAF Akotiri, was not in fact from Iran.  

I'm not saying the source of information that allowed that arrest to take place is related, but if that was the case (Mandelson primarily dealt in international interests who sought to lobby in the UK), this would give a change in material circumstances which a lawyer could use to reassess bail.  

The Epstein files contents are relevant to current UK politics, and we haven't yet manage to neutralise all risks in that regard, it seems.  

---

The current Iranian leadership appeared to be putting out statements which would support the idea that they are willing to not strike neighbouring countries, as long as strikes towards their country do not originate from their neighbouring countries.  

The question here is how long the Gulf states are willing and able to be a human buffer for someone else's war.  

---

Mike Johnson (speaker of the US House of Representatives) I was just made one of that critical hours of this type of negotiation, although in his defence he probably does not have a choice with his own president.  

Going to a party that genuinely feels undermined by your country's actions, including your president's angry outbursts, and talking to that country paternalistically, about "helping calm the waters", and about the need to "work through our differences calmly as friends"?  

What DARVO. 🤣🤣🤣  

The UK has appropriately answered this news item in every comments section; UK public, regardless of our well informed for rational you think they are, have told ypu exactly what they think.  

We also do this as a country albeit with differing tonality, and it's a terrible idea if you're actually trying to advance any sort of diplomatic relationship. It's just inherently disrespectful.  

Remember David Cameron's, "calm down, dear"? It's that.  

---

Split in narrative within Labour, and as you are the ruling party of government, this is unhelpful.  

If I was currently in that party, I would be trying to listen to the people who have been silenced up but on side for years is, and I would be trying to get the honest truth out of who owes what whose favour, as a senior level.  

This is embarrassing because the advice around strikes is starting to look as if it conflicts, even though it does not technically conflict.  

We are confusing the public.  

If this is coming from a Civil Service or long-standing government perspective, then the party needs to start uniting in protection of that as an undue influence, because it is undermining the party.  

When the party in government is undermined, the government in ts entirety is undermined.  

Policy Exchange is practically popping the cork with Badenoch already, it's going so well in their favour.  

Whilst it would be easy and cheap to take digs at the appearance of having lost their way after 10 seconds of Daddy Mandelson being otherwise engaged, this doesn't actually follow the timing of Mandelson's legal circumstances, it follows the risk profile that would be of people who are contact with them, and in the same orbit, but not him himself.  

This is very upsetting to me personally, because I would've enjoyed some Uncle Petey's Advice Column jokes. I'll give you this, regardless of anything that he may or may not have done, and regardless of how he actually did this and whether or not that was the best managerial style, he did all keep you to one fucking narrative.  

This reads as internal leadership conflict, which is probably why any leak is being interpreted within a much higher degree of tension than it might otherwise be.  

This is not particularly helpful when our allies are potentially willing to nudge us into what they believe is a conflict that we ought to be taking part in, particularly when quite a number of them believe that it is a war of existential necessity or a holy war.  

Fascinatingly, the other party that appears to be disintegrating is the Reform UK party, which does suggest that there is some shared PR or reputational vehicle between you, regardless of whether you are both aware or not.  

I appreciate I've spoken about this at length on many occasions, but there is something which coexists between those two parties, and it's not entirely clear that both sides are in full awareness of how they share some sort of data vendor or some sort of advisory intermediary.  

If we want to look at why the Labour Party is spewing some alt right policies, it might be whatever that stakeholder is in the middle.  

Where it is not possible to follow money, you can follow what is being defended, and what is being advanced.  
It gives you the shape of the thing.  

---

There is a really specific reason that it never scares me to stand with other people around the world, even in places that we are taught women do not have rights, as if we are the experts, and there is nothing to improve here.  

I know that [this exact same conversation](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmo7Vyk/) can happen in the West; it would not surprise me at all if this happened in our own Parliament. If it happened, it would only be surprising that it was so on the nose, and not wrapped up more subtly.  

When Donald Trump had a civil case, which would amount to a crime in our country, there were sitting Members of our own Parliament who were on the television equivocating on his behalf. Minimising it. Defending a man who is incredibly accused of rape.  

Obviously think it was the same man who wanted to make abortion illegal, because what they want is a world where women can be spent and tossed to one side; none of them inherently value women is fully human in the same way that they are human.  

I hope that now additional Epstein files are released for everyone to see, that your hypocrisy is seen for exactly what it is, and your lack of judgement is seen exactly for what it is, and I hope that you do not have to worry for your daughters. And I hate that that is the only way that these "men" ovcaisionally start to give a fuck.  

We will not take this country back to where it was before we had the rights that we have now, because we are not done getting our rights, now. We have "rights" that are there in law, they are written there, and yet they are not enforced. Too many women have died, too many women have sacrificed, too many women have suffered, in order to give you any more power than you've had as men.  

This is our millennium, this is our century, and this is our time.  

It will only threaten you, if you have been actively abusing the power that you have held before now.  

---

[The uncomfortable coughs of GB News presenters fuel me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu1hpFt/)  

---

[Look at this pretty shit.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu1yCR4/)  

There's also the rainbow mosque and the blue mosque, and I don't understand why you would want to bomb that shit, unless you are an uncultured swine.  

You shouldn't want to engaging carpet bombing anyway; you shouldn't want any civilians to be harmed, you shouldn't want a hospital to be touched, you shouldn't want school children to be hurt in any way.  

However, if you're going to go on about your great civilisation narratives, can we also just talk about what you must be missing, to not think that this is also great?  

---

[UK politics Russian dolls.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuJQM6C/)  

---

[The Great Chase is it a good example of a halal food provider, who has experience in diffusing this information, say something like this would be helpful, looking forward at communication around this halal and kosher food bill, which probably only exists to play around with both communities, at a time when in the Middle East is extremely tense and primarily affects those communities in the UK.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuJCKJK/)  

I am as bitter as the herbs on Pesach, and I don't even keep kosher.  
This doesn't look like anything other than a deliberate provocation to me, and if solidarity is what we need in order to ensure that the bill doesn't add very strange terms, or doesn't end up becoming some sort of tax in the process that it takes as it goes through as far as it will go through, then that solidarity will happen. It might just mean that it looks a little different to traditional solidarity movements.  

There's even this bit in the speech where the MP refers to "sheep meat" rather than referring to lamb and mutton. there's almost a desperate need to alienate us as being somewhat more savage, somewhat more alien, somewhat more barbaric.  

It also actually turns out that this was previously celebrated as being a win for British farmers, so I can't wait for someone to ask them about that.  

My Internet is being very strange as I research this bit in particular, but I'm going take a wild guess that the reason that there was a growth in lamb and mutton which was halal certified exported from the UK to UAE, during a certain period of time, was probably because sheep are a bigger part of our farming heritage here, and we may just produce more lamb and mutton anyway, and therefore be in a position to export, in comparison to the UAE. Because the UAE is a Gulf state and as discussed previously, there was at the same time an increase in negotiations around trade deals, this probably would've been one of the trade deals that was lauded, and I imagine exists because of the relationships that we have with a cluster of states in the Gulf which are descended from when the British and French forces invaded the remains of the Ottoman empire, and and in some cases essentially chose who they wanted to be in charge.  

Part of the reason that the UK looks at what Donald Trump is doing and cringing is because we can see our own history and we can see how that hasn't necessarily given people what they actually want.  

It's interesting that anyone would seek to put pressure on this trade deal, even indirectly, at this time, through legislation that reads as pretty racialised.  

I've already explained that I don't keep kosher and I personally I'm not going to be usually affected if you were to suddenly say that you couldn't do it tomorrow in this country, but what I am affected by is when people who have had nothing to do with our communities come and stick their nose in, and start demonising us on a national platform. That does bother me that does affect me, and it doesn't help me discuss with you how we can go forward and whether or not there's a piece of work we need to do around animal welfare standards.  

We do, however know the drill, so if one thought either of us, especially both of us in solidarity (albeit I'm sure somewhat delicately), would be easy to walk over, I don't think you know many British Jews or British Muslims. A lot of people in those communities feel incredibly British and even if this doesn't impact their dietary plate, they will feel very motivated to correct you if they feel there are any incorrect assumptions being made about the people that they love.  

There was so many UK communities who are offered by the same political groups who support this bill, and it's just so silly because all of those people feel deeply British and feel very much part of the society, and let me tell you they do things and act in ways that are just quintessentially British.  

This is legitimately quite fear invoking for people, when we've got politicians in similar spaces spread nonsense about the great replacement theory, which as we all remember is bullshit, because we all know what this looks like.  

No regime introduced every single exclusionary law all at once.  

But believe you me, we all outlived them. 🐦‍🔥  

---

I genuinely can't get into some academic articles, I'm being held up with multiple cloudflare checks, which is how my Internet has been messed with before.  

[Here is an example of British farmers celebrating the halal market as being one of the big rescuers of their particular food niche.](harrisonandhetherington) Specifically after Brexit, you literally cannot make this up. All these farmers going to be consulted in this bill, as an advances through its readings? There has already been so much that has added to what farmers have to think about in terms of planning their business, whilst also not giving them any relief so that they can diversify or move across and change their practices, so if this bill got through, what would the people who support it do, in order to safeguard these industries?  

Apparently the halal market literally drives a third of the meat industry from sheep specifically, so this bell has to be read in the context of farmers of sheep being a stakeholder who may very well be quite strongly impacted by any changes to this bill. hopefully that shouldn't be too difficult, and I assume that as many of the MPs are countryside seat MPs, they will have provided a year for any farmers who would be impacted, although actually thinking about it, it's not cheap farming for most of those MPs' areas, is it?  We probably need to talk to Wales and Scotland.  

[Speaking of the North and Wales in Scotland in general, there are several universities appear to have Nexus points which address issues relating to Essex and foods provision in this way, so presumably they can be approached for evidence as well.](https://pure.hud.ac.uk/ws/portalfiles/portal/14280072/factsheet_market_uk.pdf)  

What if I find really interesting about this is that we are already having to cast this net in order to talk about things which quite frankly, a bunch of white people who are not Muslim or Jewish, will have missed in the pre-planning for this legislation, which is a shame and this is why really we would encourage in general speaking to our communities in advance, because if it was animal welfare you wanted to talk about, we could've all have had that conversation.  

We are now in a place where our communities genuinely don't know what your intentions are, and so it is now a delicate conversation, when it did not necessarily have to be as delicate as this.  

Also speaking about voting blocks, this is really interesting to come from the Conservative party, and you as a party of relied on "the Jewish vote" for so many years. It really did not seem like the board of deputies had actually been told in advance, so well done. Please do not come complaining about family voting or whatever you're going to make up for us to say that our votes don't count, when it comes to Jewish voters are looking elsewhere now that they feel like you haven't interacted with them in good faith.  

[oh. And if we're still operating on stereotypes, here is Christopher and Ben.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRue2TkE/)  

Both religions have long histories in this country, just like every other single minority religion that she rationalise, so please do start doing the research; we're going to have so much fun chatting about this.  

[There is a significant London kosher food scene that equally is going to be impacted, and why wouldn't British Israelis be interested? This story has already made it very early into all of the diaspora news outlets, including the ones that are normally very traditional and conservative.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuJofhn/)  

I'm not sure if the alt right *meant* to bring unity to communities that have been deeply fractured by a genocide, and by the way in which they have been personally handled in diaspora countries, but well done, because you're about to make sure that any bridge building that was going happen is going to happen even quicker. This doesn't repair that wound, but if you wanted to try and isolate these communities and battle with them just by themselves, you weren't going to get that out of putting something like this forward as legislation.  

---

Does "eat the racists" work? Idk doesn't sound like it tastes good.  

---

[Ah yes, we totally can't tell that The Telegraph has changed hands, and may now have vested business interests. Nosiree.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRueUMFk/)  

---

I think I have found what has confused people about this halal and kosher bill, if it is genuine ignorance, rather than baiting.  

"Currently consumers do not have that information, and many are purchasing and consuming halal and kosher meat without their knowledge and agreement."  

"We have seen many examples of this over the last 15 years; Britain’s biggest retailers—such as Sainsbury’s, Tesco, Marks & Spencer and Asda—have sold halal or kosher meat without informing the consumer, as have Domino’s, Pizza Hut and KFC."  

I mean this from a place of compassion, but how is the labelling not clear enough? How has anyone managed to buy a product that is marked halal or kosher, not wondered why the price is different in many cases, or not realised that they are in a restaurant with a big certified sign on the outside, and genuinely been shocked to have found out after the fact, that it was kosher or halal?  

Who are these people? When has this happened?  

I'm also curious as to why they feel it's something that would be solved by legislation, rather than learning about it and if they feel like they want to avoid it, to avoid restaurants like that? A lot of of this certification is on the outside because that in itself allows customers who are seeking that certification, to have the fact advertised to them.  

When I was first in London, I hadn't really come across the idea of restaurants certification, so when I first saw one of many halal chicken shops, I just asked what that meant. Trust me, there were also enough non-halal chicken shops in South Londom to cater to everyone's preferences.  

I am genuinely so confused about what's happened here that has sparked this legislation to be proposed.  

What makes it even more strangers that there are several legal changes that are referenced through the bill, so whoever done the research is obviously done a research on the law, but it's just failed to do any research on any portion of how raising this bill would have equality impact. It's also very selective in the legal argument around animal welfare, because it ignores a number of situations in which animal welfare is not legally mandated, as much as the meat and farming sectors. (Yes, there are even worse, very large sectors.)  

I guess that's why it feels like it's baiting, rather than genuinely being interested in animal welfare standards.  

It also seems to be this insinuation that if an institution providing food, dare to provide either halal or kosher, that that is a problem and that everyone else should be informed. Again, I don't know how having something like "halal and kosher options available" on the menu is not helping people enough to discern what is provided.  

It's got that icky feeling that early 20th century antisemitism had, where there were complaints about Jews sneaking into the rest of society. We gave you all nose jobs and aesthetic surgery, and you're still whingeing.  

---

[🇺🇸/🇮🇷: Reports of active duty units receiving deploymemt orders. Remember that Iran's line us that, "we're waiting for them".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRudHYGD/)  

The UK is already giving a lot of support, and now is the time to be very deciduous about how much we get involved, bearing in mind the wider circumstances of what is happening, and the wider circumstances of what the three core parties i.e. US, Israel, and Iran, all believe about their state actions.  

The why do economic market is unstable and wars are very expensive. We already have a cost of living crisis, and we already have significant services disruption as a result of many years of austerity. Our military is not in the place where we would like it to be, and no amount of gigantic cash injection will change that within the next few months. There are significant recruitment and retention issues which mean that if we have to increase our numbers, you may be looking at conscription. These are all gigantic steps away from where we were, and where we need to be if all we want is to recover and restore our own country.  

The political commentary across all stakeholders who are states in the current conflict scenario, does not favour "going all in", and this could seriously damage some of our biggest trade ties. Both Russia and China may opt to support Iran, if required are necessary, in part because of oil and trade ties.  

There is no current resolution to the last "conflict" that we were momentarily involved in, and even if you think that other people deserve to be treated this way, you also can't get out of the fact that our country will end up paying for it later down the line, in actual cash, and that that will affect the normal people of this country more than it will affect very wealthy people.  

[This is now on repeat in my head:](https://youtu.be/GRyfliDfN1Y?si=SWS9QVUwXvIRkCTN)  

> "My Granny tells me, that she's seen it all before,  
> And that at 94, she's there seen a thing or two.  
> She's seen the stockbrokers all sighing,  
> And the speculators crying,  
> And the millionaires relying on a war pull them through."  

Fascism is what happens when capitalism is put under extreme stress, and the workers are given. Hope that something might change with a new set of candidates. These candidates always, without fail, betrayed these workers once they have security in power.  

The problem of people's frustration which has been projected towards immigration, will not get better by encouraging further immigration controls, because immigration controls are a very significant way in which private industry siphoned money from the British state. The only way which we can prevent fascism, at an economic policy level, is to improve the quality of life for the working people of this country. The reason that people are voting for parties like The Greens, is because they want to see is wealth red distribution, which is really better stated as wealth justice, because the workers in this country and others created that wealth.  

The only way that fascism can be avoided in this country, is to stop doing things which cost a lot of money, and stop taking away from the 99%.  

I am already seeing him quite bizarre opinions about taking away from benefits, in particular from pensioners; the state pension is not enough money to live in this country, and yet it is the only form of income many people of pensionable age actually have access to, despite not having significant tax exemptions elsewhere. Parking the conversation of preventable death to one side, because that does result from the economic problem, the idea that we are prepared to starve disabled people and elders, rather than put any well tracks on anyone who has significant assets, when we have literal billionaires in this country, even after the Epstein files release, is a horrendous misreading of the British public sentiment.  

Any party that wants to unite everyone that this country at the moment, all they need to do is say they're going to tax the rich. This might help explain why there is a party which is doing very well who says that.  

This imbalance cannot keep going on, it cannot be left unresolved, and the resolution cannot be avoided. It is not the working people in this country who are trying to avoid having that resolution, it is the billionaire class, with added interest from other states, who have invested interest is in our becoming moral authoritarian or in our instability as a state.  

If we want to talk about what is in British interests, addressing wealth inequality in this country is one of the primary British interests, and it always has been.  

---

🇵🇰/🇮🇳: Regarding Pakistan's current neutrality, this is a fouid position, but if Pakistan moves, there is a serious risk India will move, and if so, this will escalate by orders of magnitude.  

---

In other news: I'm rewatching George Carlin's dicks and bombs theory.  

---

[🇮🇷: Novara Media hosted an interview with Eskandar Sadeghi-Boroujerdi](https://youtu.be/YS-KdKvz67w?si=Dbq_MhCLLFidkIsf), which gives further context to the assassinated Aoytollah as a figurehead, and how we can lionise some figures when we show strongmanship towards them.  

---

[🇵🇸/🇺🇸: More US-manufactured casings are found in Khan Younis.](https://youtube.com/shorts/-p-mxQyvMKk?si=LgFc8YQHJQSjcOKz) This has been a consistent finding throughout the genocide in Gaza, and sometimes the serial numbers traced back to weapons that are out of date, and/or weapons that are illegal in the major majority of the world under current conventions. In the setting of an escalation of siege conditions that are contributing into an eminent famine, UXO clearance is clearly limited, and as many people who have specialised skill set appear to have been targeted deliberately, this has had a significant operational impact on being able to perform UXO clearance. These ordinances cannot travel directly from the United States to Palestine, without refusing or without stops. This is the possibility that they were either undeclared, or that other states allowed their airspace and their air fields to be used for that transport.  
This is where it really makes me cross that the entire onus gets placed onto diaspora communities, because it's simply is not possible to facilitate that without wider agreement to be active and functional in supporting a genocide.  

This is why, regardless of how horrific a regime is, it's very difficult to completely condemn that regime when they are being attacked by regimes which have themselves been involved in atrocities. None of this has to ricochet onto civilians rhetorically, but it undermines a state level narrative about any strikes or support for strikes, unless very clearly defensive in nature.  

By defensive, I am talking about when somebody launches a missile towards you, you take it out of the sky. The idea of supporting two of the most violent regimes in the west to do anything more than this, carries a serious risk of escalating atrocities. There is also a serious concern that part of the purpose of what is going on currently, will be to distract attention from a current genocide. In addition, when strategy changes from defensive to offensive manoeuvers, and when we start to justify aggressive actions by saying that more aggression will somehow stop any possible retaliation, we tend to embed a hatred towards us even further, and we commit to further destabilisation of a region. In doing this, we put ourselves in the mind of forces who commit genocide, and who not only commit war crimes but also escalate the commission of war crimes.  

That is a dangerous place to be for any society, and it's not something that we should aspire to be.  

---

Trying to remove A&G from the GP offering, right at the cusp of WW3 and the alt right putting bills forward, is perhaos a little too much for me; I am one of those people who will cost the system a shed load more without A&G and it will tale more independance away. I know it's a PPI thing; please stop this nonsense.  

Istg the men just need to hand the keys to the planet over and go take up space on the naughty step at this point.  

---

[🇬🇧/🇺🇸: If what we are doing is trying to get around the technicalities of where strikes come from, can we just...not bomb people into oblivion? When has this *ever* worked?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuRQcKB/)  

---

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: There is never any logic to Medinat Israel's restrictions of entry to Al-Aqsa mosque for Palestinians, other than the conditions of collective punishment; the Medinat frequently allows Jewish actions at the site which would reasonably desecrate the Holy of Holies, so their choices here are not relevant to the keeping of mitzvot by Kol Israel. Israeli Jewish citizens have had some restrictions lifted in the same time period.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8BBef/)  

It's almost as if something akin to the crimes of apartheid are being comissioned in the very manner in which the state runs, as descended from a very bloody period of British imperial history.  

---
