It feels like something got stuck in my facial AC and died in my paranasal sinuses overnight, so maybe a research day.  

Idk who is doing a little mini behavioural info gathering campaign, but you can stop; it is very obvious and that is why I'm making small talk.  

On the plus side, after complaining online, I got all of my parcels but the underwear within 36 hours. Both pants parcels had been updated in that time, but are yet to materialise.  

The reason there are multiple pants parcels is because of how many orders I've had to raise tickets for that have gone missing. I'd be less suspicious if this wasn't a pattern it was several years from different senders. It could also just be really bad luck, but let's be honest with ourselves, I clearly get something out of making men who may have fucked with my post feel uncomfortable. I would also just quite like the underpants I paid for.  

---

[Nick Fuentes is "off the Trump train" and has even threatened a Dem vote.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRms8seS/)  

I don't have the words to explain how much of a nail in the coffin this is for the current administration.  

[Sammy Obeid on Tucker Carlson: "I knew he'd coms around - we saw it with that bow tie."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmsNXq5/)  

[& the Marine, whose hand was broken when he was being ejected from a meeting? His wife is Palestinian. He has literally resisting a genocidal effort towards his wife conducted by his own military. That's the kind of husband you want.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmpcaD9/)  

---

How to smart tech products ise like 53 critical elememts, some with ratity and many only mined in the conditions of genocide or slavery 🫠  

I always avoid reading about this because it makes me very incomfortable, but you know. Probably that is a bad excuse, innit.  

I need pictures and I'm saving my sources here because we all know how reliable anything I touch is:  
[1 - infographic](https://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/0167/gip167.pdf), [2 - news](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm7B1en/), 

---

[I'm not saying action is bad, but when I see things like this, I look at 3 years of arguing with a wall about something that should be easy to fix, and it's irritating.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmGHxWu/)  

---

[Has the latest DOJ release completed the record? Or not?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmGYPQP/)  

The issue here is that this has gone through so many cycles and so many people are exhausted, that it reads as not being incomplete, even if it was complete. The DOJ has given a masterclass in how not to do transparency release, and how not to cultivate public trust.  

---

[🇬🇧 confirms additional support to Bahrain (🇧🇭).](https://aje.news/c86shj?update=4371759)  

Whilst the Western base that's in Bahrain is ordinarily maintained by the US, multiple agreements and treaties are present which implicate the UK in Bahrain's defence, in regard to when Bahrain is struck by another party, particularly when the strike hits civilians and civilian installations.  

Relevant treaties:  

-	UK–Bahrain Bilateral Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement (2006) — protects bilateral foreign investment
-	UK–Bahrain Double Taxation Agreement (2010) — prevents double taxation on income
-	UK–Bahrain Defence Cooperation Agreement (2012) — defence training and security cooperation
-	Comprehensive Security Integration and Prosperity Agreement – C-SIPA (2023) — multilateral security and economic integration

Trade agreements:  

- Strategic Investment and Collaboration Partnership (2025)
- GCC–UK Free Trade Agreement (development of this agreement is ongoing)  

It's really important to remember that regardless of what you might personally want based on emotive rhetoric at this time, the United Kingdom has complex regional treaties, which give us a number of responsibilities, and due to the trade agreements that we get out of this, particularly around things like oil and gas, it is very difficult for us to complain in this moment that those treaties exist and we have to uphold and honour them.  

If we didn't have this complex treaty situation, a large amount of our trade deals would've been so much more expensive so much earlier.  

We have directly benefited from all of our activity in the Middle East, and if we abandoned them, it is arguable we should be paying reparations, so please I do not want to hear any alt right talking points on how this is some sort of capitulation by the UK. It is not. It is the aftermath of being the total imperial power throughout much of the world for a very long time. If we feel that that money is currently in the wrong hands, it's because the rich people in our country or aligned to our country hold it, not because of the Middle East.  

If we do not like it, the next step would be too decolonise.  

In the meantime, we do appear to be upholding our treaties.  

Whilst there is arguably a point we made about how much the UK taxpayer has informed consent over our foreign policy, for anyone who's late to the game, the progressive left, also called the "woke left" or "the far left", has been bringing this issue to the table for a number of years.  

Please go and talk to them.  

---

🇱🇧: The particular events around Lebanon, have some complex defence history, and for that reason it is really important to include people who are actually from or have family in Lebanon, when we discussed it in the West. This is because we just simply can't understand what it would be like in reality to have our family currently there, or to come from that place, and to have the complexity of different regimes and also of aggression by different allies to the country we are now in. These other countries and territories where it would be particularly useful, although it would always be useful, to give voice to people who are actually living the experience of you living in from there or worrying about their family there. Because that is a complicated thing if we are white and have grown up in the UK, that we just don't have a life experience to understand. That doesn't mean you need to suddenly come down in support of a particular political cause, it's literally just showing what it's like to live that as part of your reality whilst being a UK citizen or a UK resident.  

It is very difficult to navigate the morality and the legality of a government that we may not like, whilst the repeated invasions of Lebanon are often in violation of international law.  

We currently have an outstanding case where an Irish peacekeeper was killed in Southern Lebanon, where the IDF will not give the family appropriate details to have closure.  

The UK also has an embedded portion, in other words, not an openly visible portion, of its forces in Lebanon.  

Regarding why Israel keeps invading the southern Lebanese border: there are people who are extremist in the party that is currently the ruling regime in Israel, which believes an area called the Golan Heights, is territory that G-d has gifted to them. Apparently, they appear to have missed the time in the Jewish Bible where G-d takes the land away from us. Therefore, there is often an extraordinary extremist set of beliefs, placed on top of what is usual Jewish interpretation of our holy books, which then brings those people to believe that that land is owed to them.  

For that reason, also, you are not going to find that the British Jewish community university agrees that those excursions are justified; anyone who is telling you that all Jews believe the same thing, is about as sensible as anyone who is telling you that all Lebanese people believe the same thing, or all Palestinian people believe the same thing, or all Jordanian people believe the same thing. They'd probably tell you that everyone in the UK beliefs the same thing, or everyone in the US beliefs the same thing.  

I also need to not see anyone ask people to start condemning strikes against Western allies, because that was ridiculous and it really made us look like bullies; please don't do this to people who are living the reality of having family in the region, or essentially having their homeland hit with heavy warheads. As far as I'm concerned, anyone who chucks warheads anyone else, has done something but itself can be condemned as an action; the idea of lionising one side over another is unhelpful, particularly when there are extremist beliefs held by many involved parties.  

---

Regarding these weird preliminary messages by IDF (🇮🇱):  

A couple of hours ago, Israel issued a message in Farsi, one of the main languages spoken in Iran, to leave a certain area around Qom, which is heavily industrial (? presumably civilian industry - they are usually fairly vocal when it's military).  

I always find it weird that the West is okay with this, especially in the UK, because to say that that somehow makes the action lawful would be to say that everything the IRA did was okay, when it bombed civilian targets, including for example in Manchester with those two little boys, because they issued warnings in advance.  

We don't need to take a complex opinion about the issues of what was happening there with Irish Republicanism, to understand that ordinary English people in the mainland find this confusing, especially because a lot of people in this country have been raised to associate advanced notices with the IRA, and to associate the IRA with terrorism. When one of our key military allies uses this line and we keep repeating it as British establishment, something in the back of people's minds recognises that this does not make sense, based on the previous state propaganda that they have heard for many years. By all means, if you want to open the door to a discussion of Irish Republicanism, you are doing a very good job if you repeat the IDF line that pre-notice makes the strike okay.  

(This would explain why white English people adopt chance like, lIsrael is a terrorist state", partially because in the background of their brain, Israel is doing something as a state, that they have learned to associate with terrorism. The addition of incredibly obvious human rights violations is the reason that they feel angry, but there is a subject which we have taught as part of the UK state propaganda for a long time, which is ticking boxes in their head. "Prior notice? Check. Children harmed? Check. Ah yes, I am looking at a terrorism." Please remember that when a lot of of us grew up, the people we were told were terrorists, were white. You didn't suddenly rewire all of that at 9/11.)  

There is a lack of consistency here, and you have to realise how many people in this country have varied histories, or live in areas where there is several cultures, and the area is multicultural to some degree.  
The average every day people, do find this lack of consistency confusing by the establishment, and because we realise that we are a lot closer to civilians abroad than to establishment, we do worry about how much you are prepared to put us on the line too, when there is this equivocation. This inconsistency increases background anxiety in the population, and it is best avoided. It's also not very international humanitarian law of you.  

The conversation around The Troubles is something that the UK would benefit from, but unless you want to introduce that right now at this current moment of uncertainty, please don't act like this advanced warning notice is okay. It is highly confusing to a lot of people.  

---

"Iran remains in digital darkness after six full days under an internet blackout, with 1% connectivity at the 144 hour mark."  

I'm going to regret asking this, but I am curious to know why the Internet support has been offered from places like Starlink before in other conflicts and yet it has not been offered in this scenario? Is it because of fear of strikes in retaliation, or is there a different reason?  

If the US actually wanted to help the people who are in Iran to depose a government that they may not be satisfied with, wouldn't giving them Internet connectivity, like, help?  

(I know I am asking a very political question; this is partially rhetorical.)  

If Itanian people had Internet coverage, and if Western allies were not responsible or not responsible to the same degree, as is reported by the Iranian government, in respect to the bombings of several schools, it would actually be a lot easier to validate this with OSINT.  

Why are you hesitating?  

This is particularly difficult as they have already been calls for UNESCO to condemn targeting heritage sites, and there is now an understandable request to UNESCO, but these agencies usually require more than a government word, and they usually require further reporting that they can validate, in order to act, as when they do make a statement it is often seem to be very final. This is one of the main concerns with the structure of the United Nations, is that sometimes it can be far too slow to act, because of this need to have a degree of evidence which is sometimes not achievable within timeframe to make a reasonable difference.  

So why hold the Internet back?  

---

"We do not know the extent of that damage because the information is tightly controlled by the Israeli military censor, but we do know from witnesses who have been posting videos that many of the strikes are in the vicinity of a compound housing the Defence Ministry in the heart of Tel Aviv."  

The Israeli military censor has been very tight since mid 2024, and at several times it has increased, with the states for reporting increasing exponentially, during the escalation of genocide of the Palestinian people, including in Gaza.  

This is not being felt in reality by Israel, and it should be noted how quickly it would've been felt by Palestinians, when it hit them first.  

A hypermilitarised world will never keep anyone safe, and an endless war in which is Israel are participants and perpetrators in the name of Western imperialism, will never make Israelis feel safe. If I need you to understand anything about my solidarity with Palestinians, it is to understand that the geopolitical circumstances of Israel, largely influenced by the West, do not make Jewish safety.  

---

["(MP of seaside town) to discuss Chagos Islands deal at Mar-a-Lago dinner with Donald Trump tonight"](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2026/mar/06/david-lammy-raf-jets-cyprus-iran-middle-east-labour-keir-starmer-uk-politics-live-news-updates)  

Completely fine. Makes total sense. Not pegging above his station at all.  

---

When we are discussing this Cabinet NSC leak, can we please remember our electronic devices, and data infrastructure which is not our own sovereign territory (thank you to the conservatives), leaks a lot more than we think.  

We need to stop making plans about claiming back sovereignity over our own data infrastructure in the UK.  

---

For UK commentators, when you deliver coverage that does not recognise the complexity of Iran and its history and the people who are within that territory, [this is the type of problem that exists in community which is an issue of community cohesion](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmnt3DN/), that you invertedly contribute to.  

If you take away the politics from the matter, you should not want somewhere where people pray, to have bricks chucked through the window, because of assumptions about the people who pray there.  

This is why, while sometimes I sound mean, we really need you to get on board with a narrative which brings positive regard to the UK and which build solidarity of our people on our islands, whoever they may be.  

Because we want to have a nice society.  

It occurred to me recently that the type of problem that Nadhim Zahawi has recently been on shows describing, is actually a very specific type of patterned crime, because I've worked in place where we were one of the targeted groups before (because you're very tired when you come off shift in a hospital, and often the families of the people who are being treated there, are very distracted when their child was unwell - so all of us had our guards down, and this made it an obvious target for a certain type of theft). This was handled in communication with the police, and that's what their speciality is. There are a lot of places in the UK where patterns of crime come up in this way, and I'm not taking away from that, but when we contribute to a negative overall psyche for our nation, we give people this feeling that things aren't quite right at all times, and sometimes that is weaponised and sometimes it is just honestly how people are feeling and they're trying to find language to describe what it is that they're feeling (being able to point to a very obvious crime is one of those ways people can narrate their experience of not feeling safe). I'm not giving any comment either way on what his take is here, but having any sense of dissatisfaction with how safety people are, often can just come from the messages that and the stories that we tell each other, one of the biggest ways that we do that is through news broadcasts.  

Be wary of anyone who wants us permanently afraid.  

Because I appear to have a slightly disrupted data feed after posting this, that would suggest that People people are reading around this, I've already spoken in previous days about how mourning and grief in this current situation is going to be very complicated, and it is not going to look like things we are happy or comfortable with as UK people who are overwhelmingly white and overwhelmingly have received a very specific narrative about the Iranian government. I don't have to like the Iranian government or think that the assassinated person is a nice person at all, I can believe that he was thoroughly horrible as a person, and yet I can still understand why for people who have either family who are there this might be part of how they mourn the wider strikes, or who had grown up with ties to that country as their homeland, might have a sense of identity that is rooted in that figure. At this moment in time, there is nothing that will be achieved by me as a white Jewish person rocking up and telling them that they are praying wrong. If anything, if I go and put my nose in it, I will look like a stupendous dickhead, and anything that I say will be regarded with significant caution in the future.  

If what you are worried about is any sort of sympathy for extremism, might I suggest that at a point when part of the grief process is also metabolising the reality that nearly 200 school children and their teachers were admitted against international legal norms of war, the very worst thing that you could do is to interrupt this right now.  

If you need to put it down on a marker as something to discuss in the detail later, be my guest, but right now is not the time to be policing People's grief, when they are seeing children being murdered on television.  

I honestly do not know enough about that figurehead, in order to really comment on him as a person, but I do know enough people for having enough people from Iran who have suffered all their families have suffered under that government, including those who have been killed as a result of that man being the leader. At the same time, I have met people who have the nationalism that you might expect, and for whom part of their national identity is rooted in some degree of feeling the same parasocial bond, in the same way that you or I might feel that parasocial bond, in a similar way to how you or I might feel a relation of para social bond to a member of the royal family, to a politician on our national stage, or to a famous British person. Right now is not the time to interrupt that.  

Recognising that complexity, is more likely to reduce the cohesion issue, and it is more likely to get us to replace where people can tolerate each other as part of the wider UK society that we have.  

I can think of a lot of people that personally, I am going to think that it is ridiculous degree for, but that I anticipate there will be public grief and I anticipate that that will be allowed to happen. I would argue in either case that this is not the time, because what people are doing is a social recognition and a social ritual that is very much part of who we are as human humans, it is seen across different species, and all you are doing by intervening in it, is to make it psychologically harder for those people to feel part of the wider group that we are part of.  

If you really give a shit about counterterrorism, you will leave off as much as possible, in order to balance the needs of security.  

I'm sure there are lots of people who specialise in counterterrorism you know a lot about this, and I'm sure that this is something that is discussed heavily within counterterrorism policy, if not I would be significantly worried about who was really operating within that space.  

Sometimes I really do wonder whether or not some people have had children, or at least I've been involved in the upbringing of children, because I don't know about you, but when you speak to children of certain ages and you tell them not to do a thing that they are interested or curious about, how many times does that actually ended up with them not doing the thing, versus wanting to do the thing more? we are not operating as adults as completely separate to the same things that we learn throughout development, and when we are under significant stress when we are under significant emotional duress, we will often default to more black-and-white ways in which to understand something, and this is why it can be so harmful to police people's grief.  

---

[Donald Trump just lit a match and threw it into a dynamite factory; "Trump: Herzog is a ‘disgrace,’ must pardon Netanyahu now so PM can focus on Iran war" (TOI).](https://www.timesofisrael.com/trump-herzog-a-disgrace-must-pardon-netanyahu-now-so-pm-can-focus-on-iran-war/)  

No consideration for what Israelis actually want when it comes to Netanyahu.  

So I don't need anyone to say that this is about Jewish interest anymore, because it's Donald Trump is proven that it definitely isn't, unless we are prepared to kiss his friends arse.  

Wed are being led into a third world war by a bunch of old men who don't have enough personality or character to actually attract women independently of their wealth ever again, and they are making us all suffer for that reality.  

---

I tried to think of an example where I watch mourning or grief, knowing that I disagree rely, and where I still choose allow it to happen.  

I do this every time men on the left see that one of their favourites is in fact the shady guy that  women thought he was, that did not necessarily admit to.  

I know that you just need space to grieve the fact that you trusted a man who then let you down.  

A very recent figure that I have watched this happen for is Chomsky, but I have watched this for so many different men.  

I can't think of a death outright, but if that's what happened, I would let you grieve.  

If you don't understand this example, what you are not understanding is the degree of terrorism that men perpetrate on women's and children's bodies every single day without us retaliating.  

If you think that women have already retaliated, let me assure you that they have not retaliated. What you are aware of is either scrutiny, oversight, or governance. It is incredibly clear having read the Epstein files, and listen to some of the commentary around it, that's none of you are perfectly unaware of the privilege of power that you hold, which many of you wheild in violence.  

---

Multiple data controllers and processes are now contradicting each other; all of the responses thus far cannot or be true at the same time. I love this bit.  

This bit proves it was not me who was the problem, but something else is causing the digital identity of my legal name to fracture; different narratives exist at different institutions, and the right hand is not talking to the left.  

This is not over, but this is resounding evidence that I was not the problem.  

Precisely what is causing that, is a matter for the data controllers and processors, to be able to investigate and find. there are certain things that I am not legally allowed to say to you at this point, and I wish I could. I am trying my best to do this in the context that I have, and I know that there is a very particular lobby of very grumpy men, who do not appear to be of the mind to allow me to have legal representation.  

---

I will be writing through Shabbos, primarily because we are still navigating a wartime narrative, so let's try to see whether we can make my bad choices as a Jew make sense, by doing something good with it.  

Parsha Ki Tisa supports the recognition of war as a false G-d, more than it actually supports the idea of going to war, incidentally.  

> "Money is fire.  
> Like fire it can destroy and annihilate, or illuminate and warm, depending on how it is used."  
> – Rabbi Elimelech of Lizensk

*Remember who we are.*  

> "Another promise, another seed;  
> Another packaged lie to keep us trapped in greed,  
> And all the green belts wrapped around our minds,  
> And endless red tape to keep the truth confined.  
> They will not force us.  
> They will stop degrading us."  

If Western interests rely upon the Hannibal directive being employed upon Jewish lives in order to exist, fuck Western interests.  

You are only assuming that Zionism is not racism because you cannot see beyond what we have been told is our only option to exist.  

Fuck a system that eats Jewish men alive, in order to survive.  

---

It will take a moment for it to click in my mind, but it's happened before that someone in emergency planning just hasn't briefed the Cabinet accordingly, or the cabinet has not asked the point questions, some things going wrong with this media narrative, but it's something that's happening in quite a administrative way.  

[This is David Lammy talking about the flights to return British citizens back to the UK from the Middle East, and neither what he know what Nick Ferrari is asking him, are incorrect, but it doesn't look like someone's briefed him properly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmWWaxN/)  

In this moment I can't quite recall, but I have commented on this before I feel some months ago, where there was a really simple logistical item that clearly hadn't been briefed to the minister who was speaking on the matter.  

I don't know the circumstances of these flights, but it sounds to me like the aircraft came from the United Kingdom went directly to the Middle East, and when you start to clock at miles like that, you are going to hit a point where the pilot needs a rest period. Yes, that's not ideal, but it also speaks to a very immediate response to pick people up. There is significant rotor planning in commercial airlines to avoid anything like this happening, because it's a customer service issue, but when you are going to evacuate People, clearly it is a safety issue you really want people to have the right amount of rest, so they can fly you safely, especially when the airspace is not quite as ideal as one would like.  

There's something sitting somewhere in the space between the Cabinet and the relevant emergency planning stakeholders, that isn't briefing very well, and this is such an obvious thing that people would ask, so it would be a really obvious thing to cover in terms of being able to explain it to journalists. It doesn't suggest that the interruption in narrative that was assumed to be dealt with when several members of the staff were removed, was actually dealt with in full.  

It's just that cabinet ministers need to be a little mindful and have their wits about them, because there's something which appears to be choosing not to anticipate reasonable questions from journalists, when it comes to briefing for the media.  

[This is also in a Labour MP, and whilst starting to understand that that doesn't necessarily mean that he saves our national security committee, this is the type of rationale that would be helpful for people to hear; whether you agree with his political opinion at the end or not, understanding the practical reasons is actually just quite helpful.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmvDqeV/)  

This is also a really good example of how just being honest about what the issues are, informs the voters, it informs the democracy, and so People can make a decision about where they want their budget to go. Arguably, a number of people are going to hear that kind of explanation and probably end up wanting to increase defence spending. This is a really good example of how sometimes overpolishing narratives doesn't actually make any sense, sometimes telling the truth will get you what you want.  

It will make for a meteor conversation about it, and there will be a debate and there will be lots of different views about what should happen, but sometimes being frank is actually more useful to advancing your political cause than you might think.  

There's also a great thirst and hunger in the British public quite widely, for politicians to give honest answers, even if they don't like that answer. That desire exists because we've had decades of people feeling like they are being deceived, or as if questions are being avoided, and so sometimes even when you're telling people what they don't want to hear, sometimes honesty in the right place is far better for building trust.  

This is borne out in the comments section as well.  

Baby steps, and we might get there.  

---

[UK does have an arrogance problem with geopolitics, but it also forgets how much the Americans depend on our territories, our assets, and our tacit support in financial agreements.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm74F6D/)  

One of the reasons that Donald Trump is kicking off his specifically because there is a territory in the Indian ocean which he wants us to maintain, essentially so that he can strike Iran in a more advantageous way. This is in spite of the fact that it will cost us an extortionate amount of money at this point to change anything about the agreement that currently stands, and this is not a Labour issue, this is a bipartisan issue, and it is a matter that has been in adjudicated at the ICJ.  

Donald Trump also picked off because we said that he specifically could not use our military assets, which the US often treats as an auxiliary force, in certain actions.  

The additional sanction that we could do would be through financial means, because London control so much of the financial market, relative to the size of our country.  

---

[This is a good example, of how people that may not be interpreted as ordinarily fitting in a similar public sentiment category, because they may not represent similar demographics, can essentially all fit into the category of, "hey, I don't really want us to go into a bloody war, without any specific objectives, and without guarantees that the people on the ground wanted or are going to benefit from it".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm7SsXA/)  

On stereotypes alone you might not think that these people would agree, but that misinterpretation of stereotypes is exactly why there was a lot of misunderstanding during another "war" that we have been party to, or have given support to (which I would more accurately call the commission of a genocide), because a lot of of the assumptions were based on stereotypes.  


At every tirn, so many people were so desperate to misinterpret what was going on when People started in solidarity with Palestinian people and said that collective punishment was wrong and that all hospitals was wrong and that bombing schools was wrong and that bombing residence was wrong and that bombing places of worship was wrong.  

We were called terrorists, but a lot of us just looked at something and said hey, I kind of like international law.  

---

["If the ruling class can fund you, you're not a threat."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmvpu27/)  

"Never be deceived that the rich will allow you to vote away their wealth."  
–Lucy Parsons  

You will be able to tell when your democracy is hitting the nerves you must touch.  

When you hit the most important assets, they will scream bloody murder. That is when you know those assets must be exposed to the sunlight, and the rot which lies around them must be treated.  

---

[Report re: Israeli Executions of Palestinian Aid Workers and Efforts to
Conceal Evidence : Tel al-Sultan, Gaza Strip , 23 March 2025](https://content.forensic-architecture.org/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/Israeli-Executions-of-Palestinian-Aid-Workers.pdf)  

If you remember the incident when Red Crescent ambulances were hit, and were found buried after the fact, this is that incident.  

No one should hesitate to call this a genocide (or, if legally required, a credibly alledged genocide); if this is not an example of "acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group", what is?  

"In total, fifteen Palestinian aid workers were killed by Israeli forces at the incident site on 23 March 2025. According to reports, some of the victims had been, shot ‘execution-style’ from close range...  

Following the ambush, Israeli forces crushed all eight vehicles using heavy machinery, and attempted to bury them under the road."  

May their memories be a blessing, greatest among nations.  

This occured after Israeli airstrikes broke one of the ceasefires that was in place. Every time Israeli forces have done this without consequence, has been a lesson that, yes, they van keep escalating.  

Genocides do not end by magic. They stop because they are forced to stop.  
Divest everything thst touches the war machine.  

---

[If you have to buy The Telegraph because it's gone too woke, it may not be the woke that is the problem.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmceqVo/)  

I quite like how many media aqcuisitions the 1% are suddenly feeling are necessary. It's very telling.  

---

[Guys. Thos is not winning hearts and minds.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmcRrnX/)  

One of the reasons that I also can't come down on people who say that they support particular leaders, including of groups which I may not agree with, is because they don't really have a lot of options when it comes to resisting a genocide, and I know some people need to be able to look to what looks like an establishment leadership to them.  

From their point of view, and it would've been more interesting to hear her view in full, they have very few options in who is resisting what has been a very long genocidal process.  

A lot of people quite naturally look to see a government figure doing that. Conversely, it undermines our own government figures, when there has been support for genocide.  

There also seems to be this missing piece in Western thought, which also explains why a lot of Hindus in the diaspora don't feel that they can come down on Modi as hard as they otherwise might.  

When people are coming from a place of having had their culture westernised, he raised, or otherwise police or restricted, they will often stand with their figure is otherwise quite controversial, because they see that figure as being one of the only people who is standing up for a key element of who they are as people.  

I see this in myself when I look at leadership that has been complicit to some degree, I find it really hard to come down on Jewish leaders as much as I might like to based on Jewish ethics; on some level, I feel hesitant to criticise people who are some of my only points of reference for being visibly Jewish.  

There would generally be a far more interesting conversation here if we let people explain themselves.  

It's interesting that we always jump into this conversation about prescription, because I imagine that that's where the legal concern or the risk management is coming from. This feels a lot like the kind of purity checking behaviour that you see in some left spaces, and it's exhausting. The right does do this as well, but not to the same extent that it is sometimes done on the left. This type of purity politics is what really alienate a lot of people from left spaces, so to see it in centre spaces always reminds me of that.  

I'm reasonably sure that this is just an accidental side effect of something about the way that terrorism law applies to broadcasting, or some degree of risk management from the legal team of broadcasting companies, but it's very interesting that I never see anyone criticised for having far right beliefs, or having beliefs that are very fascist. Again I imagine this comes from which parties are most likely to sue.  

Which is not really how our national security policy conversation should be dictated, really.

---

It's been a while since I caught up with podcasts, and I've just listened to Fiveteen Minutes of Fascism's recent episode.  

There was something very relieving, if also upsetting in the starkness of the reality, of someone else refering to our recent immigration policy idea and stating (in a similarly exhausted tone), "this is just ethnic cleansing". The host is based in the US, which has advanced further on the fascist continuum. Something was just cognitively unloaded for me by someone calling it what it is. I think it can be easy to equivocate and try to rationalise what's in front of us, so hearing someone outside was helpful for me personally.  

---

[Labour rebellion, because political paychodrama outweighs the widely expressed sentiment of the public, of "oh G-d please no not another one".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmcbDqs/)  

But I also would love to see is dig deeper on how this awareness had developed, or how the risk calculus worked. I have a feeling it might be an interesting thread to pull.  

---

[The Telegraph had a really appropriate reel here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmc3xtt/)  

---
