[🇺🇸: "Donald Trump urges the UK and other nations to send ships to help secure the Strait of Hormuz - a key trade artery through which around 20% of the world's oil passes. In a post on Truth Social, the US president says "one way or the other, we will soon get the Hormuz Strait OPEN, SAFE, and FREE!"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/ckg1w1jp8kjt)  

Note he said in public he didn't want us, because he'd already won the war, then a bunch of pro-war "British" voices went out across Murdoch media, now he says he wants our vessels.  

And I thought we were supposed to be, "helping the Iranian people to free themselves from their government"? Is that off the cards now the very predictable sanction Iran can instigate, has been instigated?  

Gasprom is doing very wel out of this; the reason I have previously referred to Trump as an asset (as some have suggested he is Russian intelligence), is that he is avting in Gasprom interests, without actually having the insight to understand that he can be played like a flute.  

[🇬🇧: We also have a malleable head of state, and typically business interests have been more effectial at utilising this knowledge; it is a recent change that someone, somewhere, has been able to present a more valuable carrot (+/- a more effective stick, albeit along similar logic.](https://youtu.be/TmOF55eZSAo?si=Uef4wBSA5DcqLxIs)  

🇫🇷: Don't even get me started on the war hero in sunglasses. It is beyond a joke.  

Every one of them has motivations and fears, because they are all human, if somewhat extreme in personality presentations.  

Voting is just the coin toss: a match is not won or lost on the coin toss. As they are all representatives of, or members themselves, of the oligarch class, the coin toss makes some difference, but its outcome alone does not decide a game.  

Until a more equitable system, or a more just governmemt is available to install, we can at least be shifting to motivate; having someone ideologically unattached, yet extremely motivated along an almost singular axis metric, creates a situation where the default will be to align with where the money is, but which can be encouraged into positive reforms.  

I'm not saying I am satisfied, but this is more useful that the last 14 years, unless further detail is available. I assume law functions similarly to medicine, in that leaving blank spaces on forms means that you will almost certainly be pillaried, because if it isn't documented, it didn't happen, and thus you can be torn apart on the basis of lack of important clarifiers and missing relevant negetives.  

The comversatipon about military commitments and the conversation about Mandelson's appointmemt and the traceability of decision maling at a senior level, are all the same conversation. Governance requires a clear record, precisely because of the cirvumstances of information manipulation and warfare.  

And the idea of a lawyer refusing to record in writing, is so loud that it is a scream.  

[🇬🇧: This will be how this transparency question will be picked apart, and it will be slow, and it will be arduous, but it is also a necessary task.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHXqAEB/)  

---

Multiple "nuisance" errors in local gov and private contractor for building, this week. To action Monday. Error is not "missed" it's "removed your household from list"; this was previously persistant but had calmed after central reportong in summer 2025. Now it's back.  

Notices of evidence preservation started around a week ago. This may be a trigger, but aim re my ID specifically, is unclear.  

---

Re ongoing "weird clip of Bibi" story:  

Side-by-side of [film](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHVLmUS/) vs [AI-enhancing](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHVRheJ/).  
Source is *Battle for Sevastopol* (2015).  

Even just trialling that degree of control over state image, is an admission of fear, chiefly of one's own people.  

---

Btw, pinged last noght what "the AI middleware" is most likely going to be, ie trawlers and bots targeting downstream manipulation of analytics to suppress specific UK political groupings, so also solves the L/R data pulls which appear to mimic and meme on each other.  

Still unclear why such high physical effort, but figured out why your analytics suck, and where the leak location is (soz not able to pin specific threat sctors by anything other than skills/classification access).  

Good to know so many teams ignored all those warnings. Enjoy getting fucked by the IRGC; this is barely the start of what could be done, at scale.  

---

[🇺🇸: "Trump administration threatens news outlets over critical coverage of Iran"](https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2026/3/14/trump-administration-threatens-news-outlets-over-critical-coverage-of-iran)  

This is an act which is strengthening the degree of control, and therefore consolidating control, in a manner of previous examples of both fascist governments and, more broadly, authoritarian governance.  

"Any man who must say, "I am The King", is no true king."  

It's also frustrating to see how Ukraine it's now being seen as a legitamate target by Iran, and this might be saying more about the effectiveness of anti-drone work, but it can also be ascribed to the Ukraine siding with the West and around being an ally of Russia.  

It's genuinely a shame that we are so imperial and how we act in general, because there is a very legitimate argument that the way in which Iran is currently acting, does have elements of anti-imperialism, but also mimics imperialism at the same time.  

Iran striking faces in the Gulf has essentially led to at least a temporary reprieve for the people in South Sudan who were imminant victims of genocide, obviously particularly where they are still surviving it.  

This doesn't mean that it's good or okay to bond civilians, but we also need to be real about when the machinery of a genocide ends, and that is only achieved by military means, we set the world up search that the next genocide that happens, will have someone raising military action as being potentially a legitimate means of ending it to consider.  

Everything we do in the West has consequences, and this isn't like "if a butterfly flaps its wings... in Japan", this is more like if we throw stones at our neighbours window, our neighbour might start chucking something over our fence, too.  

[🇱🇧/🇮🇱: When the journalists are complaining about Hezbollah and flags, can I ask that you remember that the State of Israel has now a very cemented pattern of targeting doctors and nurses and paramedics, because it is currently in a genocidal process which has not been halted, and so in southern Lebanon there are now large groups of doctors who are getting wiped out in strikes. These are war crimes this is part of the longer course of conduct which is evidence of the genocidal process.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHqA2cK/)  

May their memories be a blessing.  

Unless Medinat Israel is actually trying to make a point of courting the West re a particular strike, there is a tendency in Israeli media to refer to large chunks of people who are not Jewish, who have melanin, and who live in the Middle East, as "the Arabs"; the state narrative of their own personal version of history is that Palestinians are Arabs who have colonised Israel (this is bullshit, I'm just telling you what the narrative is), and this narrative gets extended to cover further violence towards people in neighbouring states.  

Don't accept that it is inevitable or necessary that that state's military needs to engage offensively with a state next to it.  

The "evidence" currently is very thin on the ground, especially in terms of an escalation. Genocides only get worse, so this isn't a time where we can engage with a narrative temporarily and then arms companies can make some money and then we can say it's not okay – because we see that historically genocide is increase in velocity, we are only making it harder for anything to be reined in at a later date, if we do not start taking action to de-escalate it now.  

Do we know where the drone that hit RAF Akotiri came from yet?  

Do we have a plan to allow food into Gaza yet? Has someone lost the gate key? There are plenty of bulldozers; tear the wall down. Who is it even protecting?  

---

[🇬🇧: Confidential health records from UK BioBank project exposed online; Guardian investigation finds data from flagship medical research leaked dozens of times](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2026/mar/14/confidential-health-records-exposed-online-uk-biobank)  

"One volunteer, who provided treatment dates for a fracture and seizure, could not be located in the dataset. A second volunteer, a woman in her 70s, shared her month and year of birth and the month and year she had a hysterectomy. Only one person in the dataset matched these details. The apparent match was corroborated by five other diagnoses from the records that the volunteer had not initially disclosed."  


Long-time readers will understand why I want to scream into the ether.  

---

[🇺🇸: As Vance blames Biden for the oil prices, best comment award tied, for: "WTF. Does he know we were there?", and "I blame George Washington for the gas prices".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHqsf8g/)  

Idk man, maybe don't bomb oil refineries.  

---

[🇵🇸/🇮🇱: I'm so glad to see that this is even been covered on UK news media, although ideally I would like to see us take the conversation even further, for example to explain what it specifically violates under human rights law, and then there is a conversation about why this is important site in the three faiths, why the State of Israel's actions are not necessarily compliant with halakha, why this is particularly disrespectful during Ramadan, and why this is particularly disrespectful given what is allowed to happen every Jerusalem Day.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHqVa1V/)  

---

Just joined the dots on why, if you have in uour own country, wide access to a SaaS product, you might understand how to target other countries' citizens where the other country also uses the product.  

Glad we are completely ignoring the racialised and political profiling and ICJ conditions. Coolcoolcoolcoolcool. Is this a JISC decision or a form of corporate superinjunction?  

And we are in this mess because... *checks notes* ...we didn't just put rich white men on trial? Cool. Coolcoolcoolcoolcool.  

---

[🇮🇷/🇺🇸: "Every recent White House war-game on Iran suggests the IRGC would replace the mullahs if the US attempted regime change, says former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Jennifer Gavito."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHbdQFV/)  

---

There is barely a peep from the UK press after a Muslim woman was ran over very purposefully, just like there was barely a peep about the multiple rapes where women and girls were racially targeted.  

But keep telling us you give a fuck about women and girls, yep.  

Only ever when our stories are convenient.  

Only ever when we shut up and smile nicely, whoever you put in post to "care" for victims.  

---

[The Telegraph editorial board is experimenting under new ownership, trust me.](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/world-news/2026/03/09/iranian-general-mossad-esmail-qaani-irgc-middle-east/)  

---

[Surprising find of discussingbthevreminder to stay with a humanitarian catastrophy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHbs1hW/)  

I'm not coming for this woman in particular because I'm sure she's probably just a member of the public, and she is effectively a private citizen, but the content of what is discussed raises some points that come up frequently:  

- Everyone goes to march for different reasons, and that is true across the board, particularly in leftist spaces; the left Company decide where to go for lunch, let alone agree on a united front half the time. Assuming that the march is therefore exactly representative of what the march is in a different country, is slightly ludacrous.
- However, the reason why we tend to believe this, especially as Jewish people and white people, is because we're quite unaware of how much racism we are exposed to, in the most extreme sense towards Palestinians in this particular example, but this does extend to anyone who was racialised more than us. In this regard, many of us will always try and look for an excuses to why they should be doing it better, or what they could do to be more polite, and what we need to recognise in ourselves is that a lot of the time where repeating like a broken record of something that we learned is children, which is that there is a very particular way to be a person and to be well regarded in this country. This is not entirely to do with race, there are other factors as well, but this is one of the reasons why we will always default to it when the people protesting are protesting for Palestine, led from a Middle Eastern point of view, or led from a Muslim point of view. Somewhere deep in our brains, we've learned that that that's "inappropriate", and this is often so unquestionable in our society and in our culture that it often takes us some amount of sitting with afterwards and work on anti-racism to understand why we have that deep set feeling as individuals. It's such a pervasive belief that it's actually really hard to get rid of, even after years and years of trying, and it really is like a piece of work you will always have to do every day. This is not completely removed from where we would expect men to have to constantly challenge their own misogyny and sexism that they've learned, and how they may not realise that some of that beliefs are based in that, even if they are generally pleasant, because it's such a pervasive cultural and social belief, and because it's learned so subtly at stages.
- There have been so many different restrictions on protest, and Palestine is the test case, but it's not the endgame. The people who are actually advocating for this at a lobbying level and putting a lot of money into it, are people who are looking at a similar use of policy and legislation to what Heritage Foundation achieved with Project Esther. That is to say, for some people this is a way of normalising more restrictive conditions to a much larger population, and the chief reasons other than ideology, tend to be that it is a lot easier to produce profit out of people when they are contained and controlled, and the other element tends to be in the territory of supporting a more authoritarian system of government to what we currently have.
- In this regard, this is not the only example at all, but it is one of the examples of where this is being used as a litmus test, and so it is useful to think about whether or not we would be okay with the same situation being applied in other circumstances and switching it out to different interest groups. This doesn't mean that different peoples rights are just flattened over, because there is still a public et cetera quality duty at play, but we need to start thinking about what we tolerate for the sake of our democracy, not just what we tolerate because it fits our understanding of what polite protest is. One of the people who really spare had this idea of polite protest, is now standing for reform UK, whose membership does overlap with fairly bold protest group groups that do generally feel intimidating for a lot of people in local communities. That same political grouping often supports people who have been convicted and save time for racially aggravated communication communications, because they said something pretty brutal and pretty threatening during the race riots two years ago. This idea has been seeded by people who include someone who is not practising what they preach today.
- Because of the way that solidarity and community works on these protests, you'll actually see a lot of people standing for multiple genocides, and it should be noted that this is not a accidental humanitarian catastrophe, this is not the outcome of a natural disaster, this is on an international level a population who is being denied rights that are set forward in Geneva conventions and in international humanitarian law, and who is actively facing an illegal military occupation and an aggresive genocide. If we want to talk about how the complexity can happen, we know that Iran strikes have had an impact on the genocide in Sudan, and obviously this gets very complicated when we are trying to see everything as one team versus the other team. The world is not a football pitch, and warfare does no longer work in the way that it did in 1066.  

---
