🐈/🐈‍⬛: I have been deliberately woken up by a 2.5 kg tyrant.  
Because she is bored.  
Her brother, the "good child" (i.e. marginally less naughty child), was quite happy to stand by as moral support, without actually "doing" anything.  

Yes. Sometimes it really just is because she's bored.  

---

🧠📲: I've been experiencing a lot more of the digital weirdness that I used to experience, which culminated in the summer of 2025, but which really escalated since spring 2024, and it's getting to be enough that I'm parking a lot of of it, and we'll probably only talk about it if/when there's a particularly interesting pattern which arises, or it seems to be relevant to something in the news.  

Never underestimate how much economic drain, can be caused by what initially appears to be random glitches across the devices or applications of groups of citizens. Including work and leisure. :)    

You may go through a lot of things in the coming weeks and months, which are designed to either tire you out, confuse you, or undermine your trust that things are okay and safe.  

Awareness is a good place to start, and this is where the skill of being able to sit with emotions and observe what you're going through, is incredibly helpful to practice. We all fucking suck at meditation, until we practice it over time, although I am also going to warn you that's shaming anyone for knowing that this is not the right time for them, is a very unhelpful thing to do. Trust that people know their bodies and their brains. ❤️  

---

[🗺️: BBC: In maps: Nine days of strikes across the Middle East](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c4g0pnnj8xyo)  

That's one in particular which shows strikes by different groups and different colours, this is the type of thing which is really helpful, especially when a lot of people are hearing a lot of individual stories, because even if you're quite familiar with the region it helps contextualise the wider picture. Obviously the thing that we can't say from information presented this way that shows number of strikes, is the depth of destruction for example from each one; it's always good to remember the limitations, because no one resource is going to be perfect in ever way.  

---

[🏳️‍⚧️: Something to remember about news like this, is how it undermines autonomy rights for all children and young people under the age of 18, in every situation, as a downstream result. This may not seem like a problem when you are thinking about a therapy that you person you don't agree with, but there are two ready key areas of teenage health rely on the same legal rights that are being undermined here.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cly0ppdzj2yo)  

Gillick competance and Fraser guidelines are the legal underpinnings for how children under the age of 18 would consent for medical care, and something that we aren't talking about is how any decision around consent for under 18s, especially when it comes to the use of hormones in particular, builds a future legal challenge for girls to access hormones for either the purpose of managing their periods or for the purpose of contraception as a preventative care measure.  

You don't have to like the idea, but if what you want is to prevent and minimise the harm inherent in teenage pregnancies, which are generally unplanned and impact specific groups of girls more than others, you probably should want to support free and accessible contraception. Before you panic, part of the screening, and part of the assessment, does screen for abuse. A lot of sexual abuse cases, do you get picked up by sexual healthcare, particularly when this is better funded.  

If what you want is for teenage girls to be able to go to their doctor, talk about their periods, and be able to access healthcare that may help them manage periods which have become symptomatic enough to start interfering in their day-to-day life, then again, what you would want is for girls under the age of 18 to be able to access the same therapies.  

There is also the area of paediatrics where decisions on best interests are less clear than a black or white decision, and in these cases, we should generally be supporting teenagers to be part of that decision, even if they don't make the decision in full by themselves, this is still their body and they still should be involved as far as possible, particularly where the treatment may be in an experimental phase or where the treatment may be inherently rare or unusual (because last data exists for these cases, in order to predict outcomes). These cases as well, are undermined when there is any challenge that can be built on for Gillick competencies and Fraser guidelines.  

I appreciate that the adults are all terribly upset about the idea of trans people just existing in our society. I do also understand where the concern is coming from, although I am getting a little bit tired of seeing a lot of people who do not necessarily have the expertise to be engaged this extensively, have the degree of opinion that they have shown over the years, without further balanced and referenced support. There are several areas where this grossly undermines bodily autonomy rights, which is not a situation we want to get into, especially as we are already seeing some extremely misogynistic rhetoric from people in political spaces. For example, there have been some very anti-women statements made in a recent by-election campaign, and I know for a fact that that is incredibly unlikely to be referred to PREVENT, which in itself contradicts the point of having an early intervention on radicalisation. You may think it is very silly to talk about that, but if you are openly stating that you want to arbitrarily regulate the bodies of a large group of people, largely on a fairly extreme belief set about those people – that is the definition of extremism and radicalisation. One of the worst things we can do is underplay how important all of these issues are, because if you look at this longitudinal political campaign as potentially being similar to America, all of these actions stacked together, are doing a very similar job to prepare and lay the groundwork, so that if a more extreme political party, especially where motivated by Christian nationalism or christofascism, mounted a significant enough base of power, they could start legislating extremely aggressively against people with female bodies.  

"I want to scream out loud, 'all oppression is connected, you dick'".  

This is not a message in still fear, nor is it a message to lose hope, rather it is a message to wake up to what the risks are when something quacks like a duck.  

I'm going to let you into a little secret: whenever there is any type of policy which affects any humans' rights for bodily autonomy, both women and disabled people need to treat that as being a potential risk item. If you are a woman, and you are otherwise able to access many of the freedoms of society, you must start treating these items as a red flag until proven otherwise. You may think it's ridiculous, and don't worry I do too, but there are people who are still very, very, upset about the fact that we get to decide for our own selves, what happens to our bodies, and that they don't get to decide on our behalf how to use our bodies, as if we are items to be consumed. Clearly these people are ridiculous, but they do exist. There are scary number of men who would support electoral policies which include significant restrictions on female bodies. Most of them have a clean record on paper.  

Again, this is not to be disappointed with a illusion, but to be aware of it, so that we can put a stop to anything which attempts to forward the aims of such men who are influenced by Epstein-adjacent, incel-related cultural shifts.  

---

🧠🫀: There's something that I've seen in reporting where there are multiple narratives, and where people who are in the Iranian diaspora are telling you what their deepest concerns are, even when the empirical evidence may not be there to support that specific iteration of that deep and very valid concern.  

When someone's assumption is that the IRGC have done something which would weaponise trauma, or wear the death of children would be used to drive a state narrative, we should take that seriously. Whilst the specific event may or may not have happened in the way that they are concerned it has happened, what they are telling you is that a military that you already know supports lethal violence in order to support authoritarian government, has the capacity to instrumentalise some of the most intimate ways in which we can suffer as humans, and weaponise that as part of the state narrative. Respectfully, we have seen recent examples of this with other states, and even if the damage that happened was completely due to a foreign strike and the state then still relies on narrative propaganda, this still weaponises trauma. People in the diaspora are still allowed to be absolutely enraged that that is happening, and as the narrative will traumatise them even more and it will traumatise the general population, they are allowed to be concerned. we don't know what is isn't going on in the private conversations that they may be having with family and friends who are in the country, when it is possible to get these messages out, and it becomes a highly charged emotional space, when there are those imminent risks.  

It's still really important to platform people who are speaking on behalf of the people who you are living with the impact of these strikes in Iran, wherever possible, and where possible, it is a formal human story to have a plurality of opinion in a diaspora community, then it is every single into all believe the same thing.  

It often fascinates me if we do straight into the UK, you would expect that to be a range of opinions or you'd think the segment had something wrong with it editorially, and when it comes to a diaspora community, editors will happily put out one narrative, as if everyone in that community has one brain between them.  

We're also allowed to say that, "what we can confirm so far is", and also acknowledge arrange it from concerns, or we can acknowledge the range of different rationale and reason reasons or versions of events they've been given by leaders, because again, the fact that there is that range of narration is itself a story. When there is so much narrative divergent, that is telling you something about the involved communication mechanisms.  

Now that is an interesting information warfare story. There is a whole discipline around how digital authoritarianism plays out in the Middle East specifically. This is also splitting of the narrative within the US, and the American administration has given a cluster of statements which do not all make sense together. They absolutely claimed the first strike when they thought it was their best narrative interest to do so; they have only changed their mind, because it is playing badly that school girls were murdered. When governments try to rewrite history that quickly, letting it slide without acknowledging it or correcting, is highly dangerous. We are teaching them that they can do that. That is unacceptable. It is a very different thing for a government to open the acknowledge a mistake and correct itself, to when a government just says different things and different days, and expects us all to be okay with it. The changing of narration is gaslighting and it is disorientating. This experience is not unlike how our brains process poison. Even if out of ignorance or out of error, this failure of clear communication is anti-democratic and it is cruel to their own population.  

[🇮🇷/🦁: The Take covered the variety of emotionand opinion in the Iranian diaspora, here. I've included both emojis to try to represent this plurality; I'm more than open to advoce and suggestions on how to do this better from the people this is intended to represent.](https://pca.st/episode/f54b0407-4708-45d5-995f-dc2825f6236c)  

---

🇵🇸🫀: Another point that I have to remind myself of frequently, is that Palestinian people are still in the process of resistance, which means that anything that anyone has done so far has not yet been enough to end genocide, when we contrast this with the story of the atrocity in the past that we know so well, what can be said and hurt at this moment in time which is valid to contribute, is a very different.  

My saying that every piece of resistance matters in the past, is going to be something that someone who was actively surviving a genocide now, is not necessarily going to need to hear.  

---

🧠: On a local level, a Nottingham enquiry is still ongoing, and I'm finding it very difficult to see the headlines that arise from it, because I dealt with how the service has changed after the fact, and it wasn't in a way where lessons were learned. My experience was that it was your fault personally as someone with mental health, and so any comcerns needed to be beaten out of your system. There's not good evidence that these events did not actually impact people like myself, because my student journey changed for unknown reason reasons, and presumably because of some risk management decision in the background over the period of time relevant. The way in which I was treated made me far more defensive, and I haven't been like that for many, many years. It's all the sort of thing that sounds nice on paper, but it just leaves at two lots and lots of little moments of you being hit over the head with a stick, because you're not being neurotypical enough. There's recorded notes where apparently I'm having everyone on, at a time when there is child pornography attached to my legal name online, and I can't report it to the police because I don't know who does it, and I can't order it to anyone centrally because apparently it's not the right type of incident. Staff in emails open talking about the fact that I'm probably lying. I have many screenshots, and I'd be surprised if forensic evidence wasn't available from another source. So the story of the medical course in Ireland where the rapist stayed in, but the rape survivor got kicked out? That makes total sense to me.  

But sure, tell me you're going fix it with some token policy.  

There are several academic institutions in this country who pride themselves on how much they can grind students down, and then they sell it to you that your degree means something more because of where you got it. It can be true that all of the failures which are being discussed in the enquiry exist and need addressing, and also it can be true that academia in this country inherently produces an incredibly toxic background noise, that wouldn't have been contributed negetively for *anyone* who was at the institution at the time. This doesn't change accountability, it doesn't change the other needs of questioning an investigation into the wider system, but this is something that we could address through so many institutions in order to reduce the harm of academia. The reason that it doesn't get addressed is because it usually produces a death by suicide, rather than deaths by murder.  

There's a lot more than it feels I could or I should say, however, I am trying to give the survivors and the families of the victims the breathing space, because I'm sure that contributing to the SEO soup is probably not helping.  

---

[🫀: This is actually quite a good roundup of a series of news items, and a series of times where the anger is being directed to **anyone but** the abuser in chief.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuSR7Gx/)  

There's a phrase in some areas of work, where the people who help out a narcissistic personality whether deliberately or inadvertently, are called flying monkeys (as in the Wizard of Oz); this is a good list of examples which show how the media and policymakers are (probably unintentially) being flying monkeys for a sadistic fascist.  

I appreciate that there may be complex legal positions around this; I appreciate that, for example, "you know they love to sue". I think this is one of those strange times when the only people who are seeing it for what it is other people who have survived coercive or narcissistic abuse on a wide scale (or the people who have educated themselves on this). When you give someone with this behaviour pattern an inch, or a system with this behaviour pattern an inch, they take a mile. And another mile. And another. And another. They will take and take beyond the point at which the milage is no more. There are a lot of people who were managing to balance their experience of this, for whom the digital experience following 2020, or the direct increase in coercive controlling behaviours, put them into a position where they were not just mentally but also physically more tired and exhausted; there are a lot of people who have good knowledge of what is going on, who are currently extremely burned out, or they are in positions where they are "underachieving", when really they are performing behaviours that put less pressure on them directly, so that they can cope, or so that they might heal.  

You have to have boundaries when people behave in this way, as an abuser. You have to increase the discovery profile, and, whilst this can be annoying, it is advisable that because everyone seems to follow what they say, you have a pragmatic assessment of anything that you might have done, and try and consider whether you need to modify any behaviours, so that you can present yourself as the best version of yourself, and show improvement over time, even if fundamentally what has happened as a misunderstanding of your actions. Unfortunately, what one has to do, is behave as if these extremely narcissistic styles of leadership and of systems of governance, may already have tried to sue us, and create that profile of discovery, and create that course of conduct in regard to improving on our own part.  

Yes, it's bloody exhausting, but unfortunately... they don't love you enough to change, the 10% is really bad - bad enough to leave, and there is nothing like the taste of freedom when you get out the other side.  

Fascists are just wifebeaters who treat white men like they treat women.  

Like I hate to say this, because I've never fully in my head completely got over a lot of comments for men on the left that I had previously admired, when it came to Julian Assange, but I also agree with George Galloway as being potentially the best of leaders of parties putting out statements; Galloway has correctly ignored what their narcissist in chief wants to discuss, has addressed a root cause of the problem (the narcissist himself), and has reiterated the need for boundaries.  

This is a effective root cause analysis.  

Also, Galloway could have completely different views on the matter that I'm grumpy about in my head, because it's been fucking years, but this is how it registers in trauma brain; until manually overridden, I remember this very specific DANGER item, better than I remember people's birthdays or how to spell people's names.  

I know he does already go to work for Palestine, I've discussed the importance of a united front. I've never actually said it until now publicly, and I felt that for this particular matter, for the other people in similar positions to me, I needed to say something to at least address the fact that that happened.  

I also know that a lot of this is not People being deliberately mean, and people often think that they are hitting where it hurts, but people with narcissistic traits, and systems of narcissistic traits, are not operating with the same rules of the game, so we have to adjust our play accordingly.  

It will not make you feel like a nice person necessarily, but this is about getting things done and not having Nazis in charge of nuclear weapons.  

Now you know why we tell you, not to elect rapists and not to elect abusers. That's not a "gotcha"; I'd rather it was a learning point.  

---

[🇬🇧: This is an interesting example of where both people have a point, and they've potentially missed it in the setting, so the answer should be followed up in a clear message from the government via communication channels after the fact.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuAkAcu/)  

I am someone who is historically very frustrated with bipartisan weasel words, not least in regard to weaselling out of the Geneva conventions, but in this case it is potentially being misunderstood on the precision. I appreciate that these are too very educated men on the use of precise language, however I am going to allow people are human in the moment.  

The realistic meaning from the source from IRGC, is likely to be that they will bomb Cypress up to the point that we are no longer giving any allowance to the United States. Whilst it is reassuring that Cyprus is not going to be hosting aircraft for a variety of reasons, we still have this concern which exists in the gap between what was asked and what was answered, and what the IRGC probably meant.  

---

I'm post-migraine this morning, so I have to make sure that I don't overdo my workload, but I'm seeing stuff pop up about the interface between religious communities and the police in the UK, and this is actually far more interesting as a conversation then you think it was, because everyone who is not part of those communities is just assuming that everyone in the communities is fully on board, but this is completely frictionless within communities, and that this replaces what the secular job is. Remember, no group of people is a monolith. :)  

If I cover this, I'll be covering this later, because my brain needs to settle down, like actually physically settle. 🤣🤣🤣  

---

There's a lot in the feed this morning about the fire that very unfortunately started near Glasgow Station; I hope that everyone involved is as safe as possible one but the forensic analysis can completely complete as quickly as possible.  

There are a number of seeingly separate issues, that we can talk about what's happened when more information is available.  

---

🇬🇧: So now that we've had a couple of different incidents which have had a significant impact on one of our key pieces of state infrastructure, at a time when we could be perceived as an adversary, where those incidents may or may not have a cyber component, are we yet in the position where we are assessing this cluster of events as something to rule out cyberattacks on, or are we just gonna wait?  

Asking for a friend; bestie wants to know too.  

(So [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuDXTrf/) was in the feed immediately after I posted that. Bestie really would quite like to know what you find, apparantly. I'm not sure how much we just need to talk about how there is already HSE policy that would cover this? You can't just have a room full of batteries, or a room full of batteries in casing, as a business, but it would seem there's some interesting comments going on in different sections about local businesses as well, and how this creates a dynamic risk management situation. Discussions like this, arising from really quite small things in my feed, are why I try to ignore what appears to be controlling my algorithmic placement; it's like everything has to be a fucking debate about what reality is.)  

---

[🇬🇧: There is a very specific generation of British men, that I miss when I don't see them. This is another example, I've shared other examples.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuDWwYj/)  

In that Harper's essay that I speak about often, "Who goes Nazi?", this is a generation and a class of British men who fall into the first archetype given. They are confident in who they are, and whilst they and I may have very little shared lived experience, we are very much agreed that this is absolutely ridiculous, that the whole thing makes no sense, and that we should all be rather reasonable and not go and play at being tyrant in other countries for no reason.  

We might get to that answer in extremely different ways.  
However: neither of us go Nazi.  

---

[🇬🇧: This was a reasonable statement from a Prime Minister, regarding social cohesion.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuDp3B2/)  

This is also really good example, completely accidentally, of what it is to be somebody who has changed class backgrounds within their lifetime, because he code switches a few times.  

This isn't an inherently bad thing, it's far more terrible than when people feel they have to stay in the "better" way of speaking at all times, because they stumble more when they do that, or they sound more rigid. It's far easier to just explain to people that my background is *this*, and when I worked, I was educated, I picked up *this* other accent.  

A lot of us do this, this is incredibly common with people moving orders and moving cities within our own country, and there is part of the normal British experience now.  

Something that people can get wrong about this performance of authenticity is that in order for something to sound authentic, you need to have the imperfections that make it seem human; something which is pretty pernicious through the New Labour project, is this need to be so polished that a lot of people did not always sound very authentic. I imagine that was probably based on the best available evidence, or the social or cultural Mel that was around at the time, but this is the world we live in now.  

This is also why you are seeing a trend on TikTok for all European leaders, where the joke is that who protects you, has had bloopers.  

The exception is Larry The Cat, True Supreme Leader Of Britannia, because he has literally has had no slip-ups in his life.  

---

[They're gonna follow the money. 😏](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuDEgGj/)  

Well, I hope no British businesses have taken any money, and I hope no one accepted any donations, because it could get pretty fucking interesting if that has happened.  

"I am the Devil that you forgot." 😇  

---

[This is a good long-form timeline of events, versus how media narrative shapes our understanding.](https://youtu.be/4BlXzB8E8h4?si=Utzqs30-Llv5Dr3-)  

It's incredibly important to remember that this is both a war of aggression which is illegal, and also be able to recognise what actions we might take that would be potentially legal and defensive in nature, in the aftermath of that. If you're wondering why that is confusing, the confusion is the point.  

Confusion makes it a lot easier to just get our tasks of approval and consent for large sweeping measures.  

It is a very bad idea to just agree to things because we are tired, as tempting as that is. This is why it is really important that we are communicating with clarity and being as transparent as possible about competing interests at this time, but also what the international legal basis and our domestic legal basis, is for the actions which we are undertaking.  

If you are wondering what my line is that I'm trying to straddle, and why this might be very imperfect at this time, it is that I am trying to straddle explaining why we might be doing the things we are doing in particular, whilst also showing what the reality is of going into an illegal and aggressive war.  

I understand enough about my audience to know that a significant portion of the people that I'm speaking to, are people who are not necessarily in the same headspace that I am, when it comes to international policy. As this is going to be a war in which information, and therefore misinformation and disinformation, are going to be weaponised against us and against our security, I am trying to at least explain the different perspectives that might be present, not necessarily to agree with a specific opinion but to show why different stakeholders in our democracy might take different approaches.  

My chief concern right now is, fuck Nazis. if you understand that, you can perhaps understand why I'm operating from that bizarre place of trying to allow a united front to develop, and why I am pushing the transparency even if somebody says something I very much disagree with, I at least want them to be honest.  

I understand that I'm going to do this with a lot of mistakes, so please buy all means if you can make it clear what you disagree with, please do. I would much rather hear a plural reality of opinion. The people who watch me the most, are people who want to wipe out the idea of having a diversity of voices.  

Also Bibi being "the great war leader of our age" is a fucking joke, wtf 🤣🤣🤣  

[As an example of when many things can be true all at once, this is a very fair criticism, particularly as a result of the way that these decisions are being communicated.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuy7dov/)  

A significant majority of the UK public is in the position of being against the current genocide of Gaza, which has not discontinued, and which risks being escalated under the cover of another front. For this reason, there are going to be a number of people across the anti-war campaigns, which whether you like it or not or a significant portion of our country has a descendant political opinion over the last century, you are going to very fairly say that they feel that what the UK government is doing is gaslighting the public. The reason this is fair criticism is because there has been significant misinformation and a lot of weasel words, particularly over issues that have been brought forward in democratic manners, in order to suffer material support for genocide. In many cases, these actions were done in solidarity with members of the Jewish community, and in many cases these actions were done focusing on already narrow terms, in order to focus on the issue at hand.  

It was this that really undermined trust, in a way that you now see the Green Party has been somewhere that people can go, who felt that they trust was undermined. This was a result of the Green Party being opened to discussion, and having a pre-existing criticism of a lot of of the same corporate interests, albeit to a large extent from a slightly different perspective. For this reason, voices like Zara Sultana, Jeremy Corbyn, John McDonnell, Clive Lewis, and the Green Party leadership, all currently representing a very common sense of UK public sentiment, which is that the UK does not generally want to engage in this sort of activity abroad. there are other issues which are part of the wider picture of why these politicians are becoming very popular, and not least because a lot of what was the centre, is now moving right-wards with the Overton window. Given that the Overton window can be moved by corporate interests a lot quicker than it can be moved by public interests, the fact that these voices are still appealing in large part to the UK general population, should show how strong that feeling is.  

Part of the reason that it is incredibly important for the government to talk about the future of our country in positive terms, but also be very clear and transparent about what is and what is not happening, as a result of our actions at the current time, is partially because a lot of people in this country feels so mistrustful, after decades of being lied to. Being "economical with the truth", is no longer en vogue. Transparency is key.  
The general public are expecting a lot of you to have significant corporate interests, and otherwise they might be very upset when they find out precisely what they are, they are anticipating finding out.  

At a point when misinformation disinformation is highly likely to be utilised against our countries national security, and we have a bunch of fascists waiting to come in and take seats, this is not the time to mince words. This is the time to be realistic and pragmatic.  

The British people are tired, do not be the thing that exhausts them even more.  

---

[I am deeply uncomfortable with understanding how this probably ended up happening, in terms of diplomacy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuy4hsD/)  

It is worth remembering that even if Hamas went tomorrow, we would still have the reality of a genocide and we would still have the reality of the human capacity and will to survive.  

The people of Gaza have been trapped behind a wall that they didn't ask for and which international law finds illegal, most of them for their entire lives.  

If I was stuck, cordoned off from the world, like that, I probably would also look fairly extreme measures in order to escape.  

Particularly if I was being bombed, if I was being starved, if my people were hurting.  

---

[The dad/uncle vibe works for Starmer specifically, so I appreciate that we tried, and we appear to have unnecessarily disturbed some pensioners in the process, but this can stop now.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuyqeWH/)  

I don't care that it's old, for some reason it's on my FYP, but it can go and we can never see it repeated ever again.  

These people worked their entire lives, let them have their safe space.  

---

[This is how normal and how high-quality deep fakes have become.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuygJeC/)  

---

[So what we're saying is, in order to replace Palntir, you are expecting us to be able to do better than Palantir, but no one is actually clarifying how this business works or precisely what it does?](https://youtube.com/shorts/UKpXzuDm1Wo?si=pFr7O_Z2Xp-I2bPQ)  

How much did they donate?  

---

[Hang onto the very end; "every accusation is a confession".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuywtSW/)  

I don't even just mean the Hannibal directive; when you conduct a military occupation, regardless of who is there, their well-being is now your responsibility.  

It is now your responsibility to minimise the chance that they die.  

How's that going?  

Do we yet have any plans for reopening the borders and allowing food to go back into Gaza?  

There is already chronic malnutrition, there is already significant decimation of healthcare services and WASH facilities, can you even start to imagine what it's like to have a period in Gaza?  

What is the plan?  

I thought this was supposed to be the premier democracy of the Middle East, where the fuck is the plan?  

This is supposed to be a government which is sponsored and assisted by the West, in all of the West's glory, where is the plan?  

Why is that fucking wall still there?  
And why, have we got settlers going towards it, to demonstrate their apparent right to be there?  

How is it possible that the west claims that it has such an amazing military forces, such expertise, such sophisticated defence plans, but it can't allow other people to feed a population, which is literally in the same place it has been for years?  

What is the plan?  

---

[That first specialist term, is a very particular word, with a very particular history.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRufYuLh/)  

Would The Telegraph like to talk to us about what it's new strategic objectives are?  

Would we like to talk about what particular type of economic model, rather, which regulated market, must it support?  

---

It is a great frustration to me, that we are not allowed to determine our own future, we must nearly be the pretense of self-determination so that specific capital interests may flourish.  

---

When I go and try use a different app, and look for long form content, my Internet is slowing to the point where things won't even buffer, they just crash.  

My Internet is only working on apps site TikTok with short one content, and I am getting a number of videos that are not recent political videos, they are political statements or they are alluding to political choices, which look at the last couple of months.  

I know which party this benefits, and I know which lobby is currently trying to use my digital experience, in order to push me into doing free work for them.  

Instead of, apparently, answering the various legal requests that I have had to put in, and I have not done one in every single data controller or processor, I've just focused on the key ones, you have instead decided to try and make the most of the time that you have, as the 14 days are counting down.  

I don't care how long it takes to get you to Court.  

this is controlling every single aspect of my online experience, and because of how it has permeated every single aspect of the way that my data is handled in the UK, which is the only country I have ever lived in, I can't access healthcare that I need, I can't access Care services and have them be secure, I can't hear from any of the traumatic stuff that I have in my life, not least from what you have caused in my life as a result of trying to encourage even more output that would serve your specific purposes, but instead, I have to sit in my house and try my best to do what I can with a little capacity that I have, because physically I do struggle and I am not in the best circumstances for my body. 

You do not protect Jewish people.  

You use Jewish people to get what you want.  

I am not giving you free political advice on how to put out speeches or make them better for a public in the UK, if I do not also have some way in which to turn that into the free antifascist content that I am putting out, really as a way to pass the time and reaffirm my status as being semi-public, whilst I wait for you to be told to fuck off and let me speak to a lawyer.  

I'm not surprised the British politicians and media figures are allowing this. That's how broken my trust is in this system.  

And when you send me all this content which is really designed to provoke a more expressively violent response in me, it is very annoying, chiefly because I am one of those people who because of the crimes that have happened, I need to suck it the fuck up, and fight in a non-violent format for my rights as a citizen.  

You know this, I know this, and I really wish you'd stop this whole ridiculous nonsense.  

You do not protect Jewish women.  

You made mine hell, because I happened to have data that made me useful. Whether that was before or after the MOD security breach which allow you to start building what do you have today, I don't know. What I do know is that I'm sick and fucking tired of this horseshit.  

I don't know how to utilise people in the media to help please my case, and I don't know honestly, what to do if we all decide to keep avoiding, or not checking, our data infrastructure and cyber security in the 14 days where I have issued very clear preservation of evidence notices to a number of stakeholders.  

At that point, I'm likely going to be backed into the corner where I have to just put everything in a timeline, with specific redactions, and put it very publicly.  

Can whoever has any impact on algorithmic placement for my digital identity United Kingdom in please kindly fuck off and leave me alone and stop subjecting me to rape content, stop suggesting to me content which promotes violent means, and stop closing down my Internet so that I can only use services where you can give me more homework to do, like I'm your fucking slave?  

You cannot both advocate for a country somewhere else, and also keep your little diaspora a girl in a box, and keep kicking her, because you know that the white men don't have the balls to tell you, "no". Or perhaps they just don't really believe that you're doing it. perhaps they do believe that Jewish women are hysterical and insane. (Of course we would be, when we have to tolerate sharing our personal space with people like you.)  

every avenue of support has been penalised, every service has been subject to data irregularities, and everyone is highly defensive, and is not actually helping to solve the problem, so much as protect and cover their own arse.  

If this is the "height" of technology? I think the boys need to be taken out of the technology market. They're clearly just wasting everyone's fucking time.  

---

I am going to assume for my general digital environment today, but at least one party is asking questions about what they are finding now that they are fulfilling the preservation of evidence notice require requirements.  

I don't know why else it would be this aggressive all of a sudden, after being relatively lessened for some time.  

All of this began before I said anything about Palestine, much to my own embarrassment for having not been more educated sooner, so if they try and use that line, it is not that. They wanted some with pre-existing trauma, and it was useful to have a blonde girl who'd been fucked as a child, particularly one that was likely to go to Court. If they try and use the line about national security, they are lying. They used me because they could. Not because they needed to, because they could. They just also made a mistake of thinking that I would be quieter when pushed.  

I literally have no idea how you could grow up around Jewish women and think that they could be bossed around like that, but I digress.  

Oh, and I've also had a lot of content casting aspersions on our British Army chat over the weekend, so apparently they feel very threatened by the UK MOD right now, but of course they need to take this out through some weird high school psychodrama bullshit.  

Gosh, I wonder who had anything to fuck to do with that drone that hit that base on Cyprus, it is such a mystery.  

(I have asked you all to be less embarrassing before, please for the love of G-d just even a smidgen would do at this point.)  

---

[At least our GCSE boys know how to use their tanks, and not get them stuck in mud, or bombed through needless exposure.](https://www.globalmilitary.net/compare/countries/gbr-vs-isr/)  

1k tanks, and you still get upset about stones?  

Extremely masculine.  

---

I note that the Labour Party really does not want to confirm that what I gave them was a legal notice, and that they have obligations that they must uphold within that notice, and it seems that they have lost all of the data that pertains to anything that happened at downstream of their main office, which doesn't exactly reassure me that my data wasn't misused in that evosystem.  

No does it reassure me that any third parties they needed to talk to before they gave me a very minimal return back, seemed to time very specifically with the discourse around Peter Mandelson, and yet they cannot explain to me who these third parties were, nor can they explain to me anything about the DPI that they may have had insect issue for those people who may have had their data more impacted by what happened in October 2023. The last time I checked, I feel that we did mention Jewish women who were rape survivors. I find it very interesting that every data controller who may have lost some information between then and now about Me, or may not wish to discuss who they were in agreements with during that time as third parties, seems completely amused about the fact that I would even be bringing this up. Especially in the setting that my CPS data has been altered, and that they have deletions that they can't count for, and that they refuse to look into anything, and that the HMCTS also appears to be very desperate to point out that I can't have it investigated, as to why my rape testimony in a court of law, somehow got leaked and attached to child sexual abuse material online later.  

My understanding was that this lobby really cared about Jewish women and protecting them from rape, did I missread something here?  

You truly just meant when it was Palestinian men, didn't you?  

White men? Jewish men? Oh all of them can do whatever the fuck they like.  

Men make it incredibly difficult to like my country, sometimes.  

---

If anyone thinks that that very small ranch was a little uncalled for, you have no idea what's been done with my data in this country in the last few years, or indeed over a wider stretch of time. There are some very powerful men in this country whoever wrapped up my data profile, i.e. the identity of "Chloe Birney" in red tape, and it is a reasonable concern that they may have impersonated me, going so far as to consent to research and development, or just taking it anyway and overwriting human ethics impact assessments, and because they all have the worlds shortest smallest penises, they have decided that what they would rather do, rather than be honest about what they've actually done, is despite the digital trail of shit they have left behind themselves, because at some point of the ill-intentioned parties have found out, they would rather have me struggling and go via every possible data controller in the UK to try and find out what the fuck has happened with my data.  

I am having to do the equivalent of admitting to every weird email address you've ever had in your life, every weird username, just to try and get people to search databases properly.  

For a woman who is currently bleeding, I am not as angry as I should be, at least in public. I'd hate to give them exactly what they wanted.  

This is a level of abuse which is absolutely disgusting, and it is being facilitated by people acting defensively and enforcing silence.  

---
