So I just had someone do a full on remote sign on, the content was deleted, and I was forced out of this webpage for editing. It was that obvious.  

If it wasn't a remote sign on, please understand that I'm using this language to say what it looks like in front of me, and anyone that has had IT problems in their own job may be able to relate to watch. I am trying to describe I saw in front of me.   

I don't really understand how you can cause that without interrupting with the controls as a person who is just a user.  

But if you need to call me psychotic to make yourself feel better, about the fact that that can happen to people for apparently no clear reason, by all means keep calling me psychotic.  

Given the particular concerns that I have raised in my health record over the years, and given how tightly this relates to my child rate case, I would strongly suggest that if you have picked up this word from someone who has a vested interest in making me seem like a lesser witness to events, the word you are using is extremely loaded.  

Because I am in a position where the data in the CPS has leaked, and no one in the justice system will admit to finding a source of that, I am in a position where my father could reasonably say that he has not had a fair trial, and that his name has been defended online, he now has a large inheritance relative to our social position, that he can request legal action with.  

It is therefore not in my legal interest to explain to why this psychosis term is particularly hurtful, because there was no such complaint or no such rationale used by the defence in the trial.  

I don't know how much more obvious I can be, and I have probably gone past the point at which it is okay to say, but I remind you that I am writing under your dress with no access to legal advice.  

The only legal advice I can access is highly likely to suggest that I use the knowledge that I have picked up in the particular circumstances of my data in order to call out the industrial complex, and whilst I appreciate that maybe on some level I should be doing that in an ethical sense, I also have the burden of understanding what that would mean for our defence as a country at a time where there is a credible international threat.  

I find having all of this information in my head to be very stressful. I find all of this information packed on top of each other to be something that I am having to negotiate incredibly difficult ethical circumstances and incredibly difficult legal circumstances, whilst having absolutely no specialism or knowledge of that area specifically as a professional.  

When I desperately say that I just want to go back to medicine, I almost mean it as, please let me go to the simple thing that I understand.  

Please, the love of G-d let me go to how to put a blade into flesh without harming any of the structures underneath, that seems so much less stressful than this to me.  

That is not me trying to humblebrag about my own knowledge, it is me recognising the limits of what I am good and what I am not good at, and I am decidedly not very good at whatever the fuck this is that I'm currently having to deal with and being left to deal with mostly alone, because it is such a difficult scenario to explain to anyone, and I cannot access legal support which is unlikely to encourage me to politicise this, and I don't really want to politicise this any further when I have already had so much of my story leaked in public, and so much of it weaponised in deliberate circumstances intended to humiliate me to stop me from being more resistant to genocide.  

(And yet apparently none of you can see how any of this might need addressing from a security angle, in a way that might impact you in the future, fine. Fine fine fine.)  

> "This is fine."
> 
> 🫠

---

Back to notes, although the dictation is going completely haywire:  
 
While the actual reason for being asleep for more than 12 hours, has got more to do with a particular item which was very unwanted and very possibly a reflection of what the mathematics is vomiting up in relation to who is most adjacent to me in an algorithmic mathematical manner, which is relating to a potential reflection of the more rxtreme examples pf non-consenual pornorgaphy, such that I would have assumed that one would watch it via tor and probably access it similarly (although the spillover is becoming more and more obvious), on the background of finding out that my father can just start applying for leave soon, despite what the outcomes were for my life and stability: I've been immediately greeted on social media by [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCyQs6W/), to which I have notes.  

 - Firstly, there is a genocide ongoing, is this really the first concern? [The State of Israel has just mandated and a apartheid death penalty, specifically in the case of violent resistance.](https://youtu.be/dqWNG_X0bAQ?si=aCuEjfE9qIaGJTcj) This is one of our core defence allies, and yet *anything else* is seriously your first concern? If this is simply how the algorithm has driven, it is the algorithm which is a problem in terms of atrocity prevention. this means that in all the discussion of the matter trial, we are looking at something where we are asking for more authoritarian measures about individuals, and yet we have no response to regulation. We will therefore repeat the atrocities of history, unless we take further steps to aboid them. authoritarianism tends to lead to those atrocities, so the individual liberties portion is an important thing that there seems to be the only response by governance.   
 - [Secondly: is this actually new? I really do feel the panic is for absolutely no reason.](https://youtu.be/dqWNG_X0bAQ?si=aCuEjfE9qIaGJTcj) we tend to forget that it is possible for culture to slide backwards, and we were definitely joking about this fairly openly before now. It is notable that Mr Humphries is openly assumed to be gay without it being said because of the social standards of the time, because this is often half of the problem when men complain about being objectified. A lot of straight men seem to assume that gay men will do to them what they do to women, when that is not necessarily the case. Some men are just capable of being whole humans who do not need to do those things to anyone.  
 - Finally, my first exposure was through someone essentially saying that, "men have been objectified for 10 minutes, and they have already become activists". My curiosity went down the rabbit hole, I have seen attempts at diagrams (which quite frankly I just confusing to me), and I am still extremely confused as to whether or not any of you understand what you're doing.

If the intention was to humiliate men, this could be done so much better.  

Moreover, what we should be doing is humiliating a state and a military which participates in apartheid and genocide.  

[If you find yourself unable to fill up your own cup by witnessing violence, might I suggest that joy and Palestinian joy in particular, is still part of the resistance. You can update your cultural diet accordingly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCfh4qv/)  

[However, just be incredibly clear, the State of Israel is now equating children who throw rocks at tanks with Eichman.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5uDMh/) [Do all of you actually remember who that man was, and the depths of hell that he unleashed?](https://www.britannica.com/biography/Adolf-Eichmann) the fact that we are even having this conversation about equating anyone to Eichman, as an attempt to try and minimise what is being said here towards Palestinians, if you don't even care about the apartheid or genocide element, is equating the people who are most responsible for the holocaust, with People people who had a right of resistance. Do you understand how fucked up your sense of morality of the Holocaust would have to be, in order to see any parallel towards Palestinians today, as perportes perpetrators?  

Some of you don't realise how Israeli society views the Holocaust; they do not have the same grounding of something that was bad, but something that Jews were weak to have been subject to. It should not then surprise you that they are both actively engaging into humanisation of Palestinians in the current moment in order to somehow justify to themselves their actions within the context of the genocide that they are enacting, and that they are using the historical dehumanisation of Jews that they do not respect, and the genocide that was done to them, in order to achieve that.  

It needs to stop being a surprise when some Jewish people do things that are bad things; it needs to stop being a surprise to you that Jewish people would not always protect other Jews. This is what I'm talking about where I talk about the fact that we don't address our general cultural antisemitism, and how that becomes the basis upon which we accept a lot of things which are done to further dehumanise Palestinians, to further undermine the absolute right to resistance that Palestinians have as human beings, and to place Jewish Israeli as a eternal victims in a narrative regard. I also feel we just need to be really clear that Israel does not see itself as a victim per se, in the way that it portrays Israeli to be victims to the West; this is being done in order to appease what the wet wanted over the last century, which is simultaneously a violent colonisation project, whilst also being pounded to upon the idea of universal humanitarian and values. The only thing that is jarring for Israel in their sense is the fact that the wet isn't buying it anymore en masse, not that there is any non-acceptance of the fact that this has had to historically happen in order for the state to continue existing in the legal arrangement that it is within, as it is.  

Can I suggest that when we care about our friends and they become this batshit crazy, we do sometimes interfere to make sure they don't do stupid shit?  

No one is "being nice" to Israel by not materially preventing what they are doing, and not opting to remove themselves from capitalising upon the situation.  

The world is current judging us for how we are failing Palestinian people, and quite rightly so.  

We cannot defend ourselves momentarily, if we keep having any military involvement, even from a private sector point of view, in what is so clearly regarded by the vast majority of humanity as a genocide.  

---

[In the context of widespread media silence, supposedly because of an ongoing police investigation for misconduct in public office, related not only to the disclosures but also the business ties of a child sex trafficker with the British elite, this has appeared. Do we think they're getting nervous?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCyTKfR/)  

While I appreciate that a lot of people have vehicles for their own PR, I think it is also really interesting how people betray themselves under pressure, and this is true for any human behaviour – it doesn't need to be that it's a good or a bad behaviour – it is just simply the case that our masks slip once we are under stress.  

This is why that Kipling poem is so ubiquitous in culture.  

We all recognise what it takes to be well-rounded, even if we always put this as being a masculine trait, and yet we continuously seemed to miss it in others, including the lack thereof.  

This is fantastic news if anyone has anxiety, because it really just proves that you are thinking about yourself way more than anyone is thinking about you.  

This is an extremely interesting piece, because not only you listening to several people's justifications in real time, you can also see based on their previous behaviour and their previous speeches and their previous comments, what is emotionally driving them in this moment.  

This is not to say that you can tell if there is guilt or not, you are just seeing in real time where they stack up on the emotional response of having realised that something cannot hold in public, regardless of whether they knew beforehand or not whether anything was inappropriate.  

It's like a very strange insight into public grief, although that's not quite the right word, even though it mimics the emotional process.  

---

Oh, and please do not worry, I know that the mathematical source of the impact which generated they particular pornography reflection last night, has been someone who has been keeping tabs on me for about five or six years, minimum, potentially at a far more system-based level for about 10 years.  

They've only become more emotionally invested as I resist further.  

If we did not clearly diverge so much on areas of politics which make them feel somewhat "on the back foot", they may not have taken so much of an interest to begin with, and kept it near a matter of professional ridiculousness.  

They do often pretend to be other people, and I appreciate that someone has learned (or has had installed and been told to use this icon with an onion on it.. don't worry, we all have to learn... and I certainly haven't, because it would mean I get to DJ girlpop to my actual uninvited mime less easily) – I am well aware that you are not the source of this, please do not concern yourself.  

(Now that I have committed it to paper, in legal sense, you are welcome to capture this and the context of the last few notes, and to use that as protection from legal action in the future; I am not an actual dickhead, or not completely, at least. I'm trying to be somewhat anonymous, for the reason of your protection from further SEO association, but don't worry I am really quite sure that it is not you. You don't match the profile of what I've experienced at all on personality alone, but also your digital presence can be forensically seen by others, and it ought to very clearly not implicate you.)  

You may just not realise that someone in your wider social network, be that professional or otherwise, does this in the "privacy" of the data box.  

I have complained for a very long time, and apparently all they wish to do is to tell everybody that I'm imagining it. At no point have they decided to take any accountability for the fact that I have to witness this, and that I am hurt by it, even if that is not their intention at all.  

((Please can we reflect on how that is not helpful behaviour, if what we want is an elegant system overall?))  

So the fact that they are selling themselves as being "good" at systems is incredibly funny to me, and seeing as they will not respond to any other mechanism for accountability, I will keep pointing out how much what they say they are is not what they are.  

If it comes off as cruelty, please just know that at this point I'm trying to put pressure to get a response on a.. repeat after me... *likely systems problem that they will not recognise as a systems problem*.  

Sadly, I am aware of men in enough detail that I am aware that they may not realise the extent of the harm they are doing, even if they are aware of some degree of unfairness, and I have spent 9 or 10 months trying to drag the men who are in the general vicinity along in public, because attempting to communicate this to the man who is very scared, in a more private setting, has failed.  

You know, if you are being taken through the same remote access screen activity as when you try and get your laptop repaired by IT, because you are doing things on your phone, and then someone uses that as a way to say that you are psychotic for having commented on it, or written comments on your phone as if to say "hey, if you're going to check it, can you please not do this, because it's fucking up the ux?" (because I understood why the Metropolitan police might have an interest at that point, and I assumed it was procedural, and I assumed that it was contained to them, and not to anyone else... how naive, in retrospect), it just becomes so grating that at some point you think, "fuck it, why not just write about it publicly, I will get a solicitor by default should they try and do anything about it that requires escalation".  

Sadly, he is not allowed me to access a solicitor via that route at this point; for some reason all sorts of things keep getting in the way of the more vanilla route. Many of these things might not have anything to do with this one man. This is a really good example of how men just makes things so much worse when they try and not talk about something.  

I am literally trying to give him every avenue in which to be able to say that part of this was not his fault, or that he didn't know, or that that was something else going on, but he keeps refusing to engage. What am I supposed to do?  

We are literally trying our best to get men to come into the 21st century, to come into the new millennium, and for some reason your order just sat there in the past, complaining about the fact that they might be in someway not viewed in the same way that they imagine themselves as having being viewed, which is still rooted in delusion?  

Please help me with this, because I don't understand what you're all doing, as a group.  

Going full circle, do we really think that this is the first time that women have noticed that your trousers look certain way, when that is literally been part of how you tailor garments throughout the entire time that men have worn trousers in the upper classes?  

Austin who was the first time a woman was even published openly and widely, do you really think that she could tell you such things?  

You're just not used to women saying this out loud, but this has been part of public humour for so many years.  

To just really reiterate something: what you appear to be slightly alarmed by, as a group, is women desiring men more in public, when nothing has changed other than women loudly or visibly desiring men in a sexual manner in public. (In other words, that desire in and of itself has not necessarily been subject to change.)  

Explain to me why this is a problem for you, again?  

"Yes, but what if..." ...what if, what? Woman who find you attractive are given the grace to be more upfront about that, with some cases being women that you would have no idea liked you? (Some of these examples might include women that you yourself like as well; have you considered this as being a potential outcome?) Please explain to me why this is a bad thing for straight men – I just really don't understand where your argument is supposed to form an argument *against* the preposition.  

And yet you are all still complaining about the fact that women won't increase the birth rate?  

Are we seeing perhaps that the anxiety of masculinity may be a small, tiny, little, part of the wider problem here?  

Can we see how a small group of men who are worried about accountability, might be what is holding us back from something which is a little more fun, and arguably a lot more rational and normal given the fact that we are still mammals, even if we have all of this added stuff that other mammals don't have?  

We are literally having an argument where a very small group of men who have done a lot of harm, or have done extreme harm, and without accountability will most certainly carry on doing those harms regardless, are holding the rest of the men hostage, when they are probably not wonderfully pleasant for you to be around either, so that you can't access something which you might want anyway?  

I just need the logic of what we are doing explaining to me, because I'm not sure why you haven't decided as a group that this fucking sucks, as a general arrangement of things.  

Besides, apparently all of the men really want to keep funding this military-industrial complex, which I haven't heard great things about in terms of making space for women to hold desire towards men, so perhaps the straight men oughtn't worry, anyway.  

---

In the act trying to be very honest about how PTSD makes you act like a fucking idiot, I am going to tell you that I felt more comfortable with the person that I was in contact with from the MoJ in the last 24 hours, so I was able to then follow up with an email saying, "hey I'm sorry that I was a bitch, the conversation is fine to have, I just feel very hopeless in a system which doesn't have shared ownership of a problem right now".  

In a further act of being very honest about how PTSD makes you act like a fucking moron, I'm also going to show you how it limits your tolerance for things that you know you should act with more tolerance on:  

At one point, I basically said, "look I'm not going to offer any explanation on a policy problem, until I get something sorted". Seeing as Air Command is basically taking no responsibility for any of the issues I've raised, even though data is disrupted across all of the other government contracts of a contractor that they use is still happening (technically they have answered the SAR - they are just not moving it to the next stage of "is there something more to this? Could this impact the rest of our data, if we do not fix this system problem?", because linear processes):  

The particular MOD systems problem which sees a clash of about three different policies and policy goals, and which is contextualised best in the "31 white boy pilots" case, is one where the problem is in its essence, that you are using KPIs solely in optimisation of outcomes, to the extent that the problems which are caused by the use of KPIs by themselves will rear their heads. This has been proven across the tech industry to be a problem where it comes to quality outcomes – just not in defence tech specifically, more in the feeders to defence technology. A guy wrote a whole book about this, and came up with a system of objective key results. Your problem could be solved with the use of OKR in government. This does not replace KPIs, they are two separate systems, although the KPIs essentially become part of the wider OKR.  

Each KPI is like the metres that you see that indicate what the engine is doing, and how the vessel is proceeding – the KPIs are your measurements, but they are not goals in and of themselves. The OKR is something like, "I want to fly to Folkestone and back to catch the sunset over the cliffs". Your KPI might be that you want maintain more than 50% on the fuel tank. 

This would allow you to balance those policies which appear to clash, and would expose you to less legal liability down the road.  

It would also allow you, and encourage actively the thought processes in the teams most responsible for coming up with solutions at every level, to be creative in avoiding making cheap shortcuts or ignoring anything else other than this precise KPI that they are working on, to generate workable outcomes. This is really important if you are trying to have a lean business; government ought to be a lean business.  

OKRs have an intense adoption process, and you need to be able to tolerate the ambiguity at the start, but everyone who has widely adopted them has been a market leader since.  

They literally came out out of a problem at Intel.  

I don't know what to tell you, they are part of capitalism; this is not some weird feminist anarchist idea that came from the random Jew online.  

This is the random Jew online trying to resolve systems problems in admin jobs that she has had to work to try and get through the medical degree that she is not allowed to have now, presumably because everyone is so invested in pretending one dude is perfect in every single regard.  

But fine, pretend that all men are perfect.  

Don't use OKRs, and you will see why you will continue to have the same fighter pilot problems, and we will continue to underperform as a military for the next 10 years, before a man mentioned it, before the men decide that actually this is a great idea, and women were left out of the equation completely because you just cannot believe that we might have more than two brain cells to rub together.  

Remind me why diversity is just some fluffy shit, again?  

Remind me, why DEI is unimportant to keeping our men above the ground, and able to fight?  

But fine, keep prioritising whatever "Western values" make you look like absolute idiots who cannot fight even in the defence of your own treaties that you have already committed to as a country.  

Incidentally, the genocide conventions are a treaty you have committed to, so no there was really no fucking need to go there, but more than anything, it is far more the business of Parliament to be self-reflecting as these are the men who have the most power to stop our complicity and our potential participation, and that legal case will be paid for ultimately by the taxpayers.  

Can you see how perhaps we need a system that looks not just an individual processes which are linear, which are incredibly important in their own context, but we also need something which looks in a more network and multisystems manner, particularly when one of our biggest weapons is something which was created as a network between all countries and states, where one of the biggest ultimate weapons, that is the bodies of the populations of those countries, can be mobilised and influenced?  

But again, if we wish to just defend the men, and pretend that every single man is an absolute angel, be my fucking guest.  

Ir the West would like to even *try* to access its prior military supremacy, and I would argue that perhaps that is not the entire point of having a military, perhaps it needs to address the fact that it has become somewhat naval-gazing in its hypermasculinity, and this has done for men in the West what testosterone will do if you start using it without necessarily requiring it for a medical reason.  

All the hair is gone, and the balls have shrivelled up to nothing, it's losing a shit in public, but fine let's pretend it's an angel.  

We sound like a mother who cannot admit that her lovely little boy strangled the women whom he almost certainly strangled.  

We are looking at the puzzle of blood, we are looking at our overmuscular and overemotional son, and we can see nothing but the boy he once was.  

It doesn't reflect terribly on our ability to see compassion in those closest to us, but it's stopping us from doing anything practical in terms of the compassion of the now, and to be compassionate in a social sense, not simply in respect to individual humans, as much as we may be strongly bonded to them.  

The reason that I became quite frustrated so as not to start discussing the concept and looking into it as it impacted my digital devices, is it over a number of years whilst this may have started as something accidental, I effectively now I'm in a situation where I am flooded by content on specific policies or specific goals, or specific media analysis, and I am essentially prodded by someone who has the capacity to access commercial venues of digital nudging until I produce a response.  

I don't feel like that seems like a healthy relationship, when I am not being accredited in the only way that matters under capitalism, and I just assumed that he's not saying "some girl online told me".  

Credit me; pay me. What I am worth.  

When you stop utilising the relationship that you have developed, which exploits a Jewish woman like this, I will *consider* joking about the violent death of Nazis less obviously in the feed.  

We can discuss the fact that you didn't really think about those optics, except we can't discuss anything when you keep ignoring me. I can make this less painful for you, and you keep refusing to engage in a way that allows me to do any of that.  

I am well aware that this may be an accidental problem of process siloing, where you are just not correcting it when it benefits you in terms of its outcomes, but I can't make that argument for you whilst you keep refusing to engage. Until you actually engaged, I have no idea whether that is the case or whether you have weaponised it more intentionally.  

The longer that you do not engage, even if this comes from a place of pure anxiety, the longer we have data that supports intentional non-withdrawal of harms, which in itself makes the harms appear more intentional.  

Just as some men will do anything except go to therapy, some of them will literally do anything except from engaged with a woman on equal terms, even when it is incredibly clear that they like the moral standing in the argument (or any of the logical legal justification in the argument, hell – some of them just don't want to speak to women).  

Might I suggest that instead of looking at an incredibly intricate diagram of liabilities, some of the men around you might just decide to engage?  

All I need is a bridge to start discussing what is sensible as a way to resolve harms. Some of that resolution is literally just, "can you confirm X/Y/Z? oh, okay, I see that this is a problem, what are we doing to untangle this and resolve the harm?".  

You are making this so fucking difficult, boy.  

---

The reason I am having to do this in so many different commits, is because not only is the dictation incredibly odd and  behaving strangely, but every process is sorting out so quickly that I have to do this in this many stages, because it is very likely that I will lose large dreams.  

My experience is that whoever is doing this or whatever is doing this has the capacity to wipe out my clipboard, so I literally can't even trust the fact that copying and pasting if the page stalls all the execution stops, I will be able to copy and paste.  

Such is life, when you say crazy shit like rape is bad and genocide is bad.  

In the same sentence, even, my goodness.  

(Add "Jewish" and "female" to the speaker profile, and apparently this is truly the mind has been blown by a nuclear disaster.)  

Because of what the dictation is done, I now need to change more or less every single pronoun, and a huge number of the conjugated verbs. I've already seen in many context that what will often happen is that the Suffex or profits of importance will be missed off or added inappropriately, so this is just one of those periods of time, where we might have to be somewhat generous with Chloe's ability to catch all of them, and assume that sometimes we can rely upon her overall intention in her writing in order to derive intention and rationale.  

This a bit of a shame because I had a lot to say about what is going on with Iran and IRGC propaganda; the West is sleeping on it, because the west is prioritising the wrong thing in the moment, at so many different levels, and what you are doing is going to set us up for the next 25 years potentially if you don't start acting.  

That country will be IRGC controlled until the people of that country are able to overthrow that government, and it is precisely in moments like this where you are making it harder for them to do so.  

You only need to look at the person that you were relying upon in the earliest days in order to justify what the West wanted to do, and ask them what their experience online was that led them to make statements which didn't quite land for a western audience, to then see what a coercive regime is capable of, and how they can impact and influence the narrative whilst having the major majority consensus of the establishment completely ignore what they are doing.  

I didn't refrain from quoting this man at that time because I didn't think he was reliable, I refrained from quoting him directly because I could see that something was afoot, and something seemed a little off, not necessarily what he was saying from his heart, not in terms of his rationale, but in terms of how the information was being gathered in different siloes and sources, and I felt that was too much of a risk to put the spotlight entirely upon one man, when he was being spotlighted, and so that's why I told you to really listen to the voices of people who were themselves Iranian, Persian, Kurdish, rather than mention his specific name at the time which this looks like something digital is happening.  

You think you cannot comment upon it because the regime has learned from a different regime that you support, but this is the new age of warfare, and you are now seeing it up close for yourselves. None of us are safe, because it is relying upon something that we do not guard ourselves against, and we do not defend; quite the opposite, it is relying upon weaponising what has been a long-standing tactic of colonial and Western regiemes.  

It is not that you are not able to defend, it is that you are prioritising the wrong things, if what do you want to do is to defend or to insulate against it.  

In short, the IRGC understands the impact of the wider population's culture and understands how to utilise it, better than any Western establishment media does; the ology see is successfully weaponising the disengagement of the general public with the western establishment, as a way to undermine an undercut support for the western establishment in Western countries. A lot of of us who would like to protect our own countries, certain in terms of stability of government, literally can't really help our own governments as individuals, because that is the degree of the canyon of understanding which now exists.  

It is interesting that the IRGC feels the need to cement and come into that particular canyon of understanding; this could equally be pointed to as evidence of its authoritarianism, but the problem is that unless the West concede is on any of the things which are making it appear to be quite authoritarian in its own countries, that bridge cannot be built.  

This is not a problem of proxies, unless the upper classes would like to admit to being an Iranian proxy.  

In which part of the world did chess originate, again? Remind me?  

They played a Queen's gambit, and now you fell for it, and now you're getting played.  

The longer that the West's hypermasculinity doubles-down on its own intrinsic behaviours, the longer that the IRGC maintains initiative and advantage.  

They are counting upon you turning this into a penis-measuring contest; it ought not to surprise you that there are now trends pertaining to the discomfort of men on extremely Western terms.  

You are not the only man who have been watching for nine months; whilst I could've had a child in this time, I have been watched for men across a larger spectrum than just you in the West.  

You have committed to how much you are willing to fail your own women, and that is how they are going to hurt you, because they are seeking to hurt you upon the same terms. They understand your weaknesses, and they are letting you hang yourself on purpose, because then they don't appear as an aggressor at all.  

You can tell that it's working, because of how your own people are responding to their propaganda.  

Again: where was chess first developed, as a martial game, as a playthrough of war?  

Forget how they treat women under their own control for a second, and consider that they are not underestimating the way in which your women can harm you, simply by playing into the worst of what you might be as men.  

That is evidence of an incredibly calculated opponent; the military forces of the we are not playing this game in a way that they can win against an opponent like that, because they have fallen for the bait and they are being led to their own demise.  

Please, between you all, get a fucking clue.  

If you are reading this thinking that I am actually saying that the authoritarian regieme are the good guys, please wake the fuck up.  

> "It's time to change our strategy, and join to fight all tyrants."

It would behave you to get on side, and quickly; there is not a way in order to bridge the storytelling element, unless you start to meet us in the middle.  

They will allow you to die upon the sword of a genocide. Some of us understand that that does not protect us from what they might do after the fact, but you have to see what they are doing for what it is, and whilst you may not wish to, perhaps we can appreciate that it is somewhat superior strategy that we cannot simply meet with bonds and guns alone.  

---

Before you say anything about me, it is simply not possible to highlight the ways in which we could improve as a society, without that effectively being open to the entirety of the world. If you had allowed me to resolve this in-house by the use of the appropriate tools, instead of protecting commercial interests, none of this would have been made public.  


I implore the British government to start choosing within its own defence interests.  

We have now gotten to the point where we have made an international incident out of simply not addressing the fact that there have been mistakes in process. I am sure that there are enough people who realise that there are a lot of things that I am not airing in great detail in public; I have tried my best. Please, for the love of G-d can you start meeting some of the people who are trying to help you in the fucking middle.  

---

The least some of you could do is to make sure that my bins get collected tomorrow morning, because it's been nearly a month now.  

Systems error, isn't it.  

I appreciate that contractors who sit across healthcare and defence informantion mamagement might find it a little difficult to come to the table within 12 hours, so you can start with the bins.  

(There must be someone sitting in their space who has a got a bit of a thing for pretty ladies telling them what to do and being bossy, no?)  

---

[Hold up. Is the problem that I have been mistaking problems that I should be bringing to a theoretical British government that we had at some point, to a private company?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC51a81/)  

I didn't see a web form for raising tickets to do with things like getting your bins collected the last time that I went on their website, but to be fair, we did have a lot of fun on the website last time.  

I can't see how the documentation of that happening, whilst ignored in this country, would have any impact on what the IGC might do with a potential way to influence information feeds so adjacent to a significant contractor for defence in the west.  

It is a mystery, and because I have a squishy little girl brain, I cannot possibly engage in it. Ask a man.  

[Although if you are interested in the musings of a woman, have a look at the comment section. There is very little defence of the West and its key allies in the Gulf and the wider Middle East, even when you could quote easily argue that at least some of the activities of the IRGC are less than fucking perfect.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5dSnX/)  

This has swung from narrative ambiguity, to active widespread western public support for Iran, ignoring the authoritarianism of that regime.  

You are playing chess with a superior player than you currently have the resources to defeat; you need to change something before they squash you like bugs, because I personally would rather we did not get squashed like a bug.  

---

[I find it very interesting that Donald Trump is effectively just behaving to the UK and to men in the UK in exactly the same way that he has probably behaved towards women for so long.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCPWuFt/)  

We did this during Brexit, we as a state, behaved like everyone's worst ex during the divorce. It's just unusual that it gets done so obviously through a man who is very obviously trying not to take accountability for sexual violence on a personal level. Usually it's a bit more vague, but you can see the parallels of coercive behaviour.  

If you really want to understand what to do in this moment, the people who know the most, are the women who have been disbelieved for years in cases of interpersonal violence; this is the behaviour that is being perpetrated, so it's the behaviour that has to be strategise against, just to keep your head above water. People who be like this will always find ways to undermine you, far beyond what you could possibly imagine was possible. They will take it further than anyone would rationally do so, because it's not about rationality.  

(I don't really understand how you will be able to maintain at the same time that men are the only people able to do war, and that war is not for girls, but I guess you can work about yourselves.)  

---

[Yet the joke of the thing is that references to this is actually part of my initial victim impact statement in 2022, but I got told that it couldn't be what was recorded, and emails that I have attempted to send to the appropriate department since have been mysteriously erased. In a scenario where at a time where he is first able to apply for leave from the system that you say is going to be appropriate for what he has done, I am still fighting to not have the particular triggers of my PTSD come up in my feed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5Fc42/)  

...It's mayonnaise, and anything like it; I can't use white toothpaste. The only reason I know about supply chains and the impact during Covid, is because I was trying to find out why I couldn't get the toothpaste that I use so that I don't lose an hour to trying to brush my teeth in the morning. The specific example that I used in Court, appeared as a series of adverts that I just could not get rid of and were for a product. I obviously would never have any commercial interest in supporting being on my feed (chiefly because it's a trigger that the company can't control, not for any particular reason to deal with economics or politics, and as it would normally get their behavioural proxy for non-attention, it shouldn't have been pushed mathematically), at a time when something about the way in which the UK and Israel relationship operates in respect to the genocide legally changed. This state, whilst one of our military allies, is not shy about how it sees people like me who don't have an Israeli nationality, and don't hold dual nationality, as still being within its remit of control.  

But apparently there's nothing wrong with the current systems we use, and there's nothing wrong with any part of this process, which is shared between stakeholders. Ignore everything, because I am a girl and my brain is squishy. I obviously can't be telling you the truth. The fact that no one can see at first glance where my data has gone wrong and entered the public domain, is absolutely irrelevant. The fact that everyone gets so fucking defensive whenever I bring up the fact that this has become tangled with a very strange pivoting in every single parties response. Once I tell them my nationality, is completely irrelevant and completely normal English behaviour from all of the stakeholders who are in the UK, what on earth are you talking about, this is completely irrelevant and you are just being an overdramatic Jewish woman.  

Like, did we need to do the stereotype as obviously in the responses? That's usually something that only a certain type of person does, and it's not usually from a British point of view. But I've been a phew that all of these emails are from the British stakeholders, so there is really no concern here.  

... can anyone see why this might be reading as extremely strange on my end?  

so when I say that the women who have survived this behaviour are the ones who are the experts, and that this is how these people have behaved the entirety of the time that our reputations have been harmed, I really am speaking from a place of experience. You don't realise the depths of where people who think like this will take this; the Lego animations will be the least of your concerns.  

---

[We have to pay attention to the fact that the penny dropping moment for one of the speakers here, was probably the idea of trans men having to use the women's bathroom under this proposition, because they are now very externally men. What maybe yet to drop, because it's an additional level, is something else that was said by Dawn Butler which is that this attitude allows cis-men to go into a women's bathroom and lie.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5S2s5/)  

Whilst not every man will be a harm to women, we need you to start looking at the repeated profiles of the behaviour of men who do harm women, and start to see what they are like. Those men do tend to lie that brazenly and that obviously.  

I'm also very sad to say that this experience of women who have a butcher appearance is actually very common, and what we see repeatedly in places that this is heavily policed, is essentially permission given to violate women's bodies even further, under the guise of law-enforcement and women's protection, and that there are certain women who are targeted the most. These are the same women who are the most likely to be targeted by anything that impacts on them in addition to sexism, so this is where discussing the intersections of power dynamics, or in other words Intersectionality, is a useful thing to be able to do.  

---

[To be fair, I did point out that how I am is merely a cultural difference that is just the misunderstood in the South.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5uYXw/)  

Enjoy your next visit to the north east; we are lovely.  

---

[Every time men attempt to keep us out of political spaces, women will always find ways in which to engage in politics.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC59q5t/)  

> "The tools that are touching our faces, your faces, influencers' faces, celebrities' faces, are built through systems of technology, capital, and power, that is connected to genocide.
> 
> Your skin literally becomes a place where desirability, profit, innovation, technology, genocide, and beauty standards all converge into this very messy playing field.
> 
> This is why when you peel back enough layers to pretty much anything we engage in, it is political. I will not be told otherwise; you are dumbass hoes."

If you think that's just limited to the aesthetic industries, you don't know what medical technology industry looks like.  

By the way, a lot of overlap between the industry that causes disfigurement and disability, and the industry that capitals on the fact that people are disfigured or disabled. it makes a lot of sense if you draw it out from a system as point of view, because it's essentially just exhausting the capitalistic potential of moments of potential profit.  
What culpability in a genocide has exposed to great relief, is how entangled the west has always been with these systems and chains of global exploitation; by refusing to stop genocide, the general public has dug further and further into how these systems are interconnected, commonly because it has been gaslit into being told that it does not understand the politics. As a result, the elite dependency on the systems of genocide, is what has created this degree of class consciousness, within the 99%.  

To say that we should be thankful for seeing Trump as he is because he really exposes the degree of exploitation, is a misanomer. It is the work of the 99% in a system where they are constantly being told that they simply do not understand the morality of something which is very clearly immoral in front of them, that they have dug this deep into systems as a way to try and understand what they are missing. It is because of the degree of refusal to engage with the refuses and the resistors, that the wider audience and public having engaged to the level that they have, not only to unpack one genocide, but now to undermine the systems of exploitation because they are exploitative and because the public see them as a immoral.  

If you want people to stop resisting capitalism, you need to stop making it so obvious that I trying to defend a system, and you need that system to stop being as exploitative; the general complaint from the upper classes, from the 1%, whatever we want to call this level of society, currently appears to be that the poors are too empathetic.  

We are this empathetic because we have been subjugated with an system, and that commonly is a normal human response to that situation, so only by taking off the pressure are you ever going to get to a point where we are resisting less ferociously.  

Again: I remain extreme unclear as to what the upper classes really want from this; disappears to be something where you desire something which is not rational, and so for that reason I might be inclined to ask you to probe at your own understanding of your own desires.  

The further we go, the more into Mark Fisher's work we are getting.  

May his memory be a blessing.  

---

I'm also going to say that some very strange things happened on the earlier commits of this feed, but I am having to consider perhaps, that the anger that women have towards men may be being weaponised by a military campaign that does not belong to us; the changes to my recommended feed were very specific, and we're in attempt to persuasion in a way that doesn't really make sense if you describe it to any of the British parties, or any parties that are on "that side" of the Risk board.  

I'm not saying it is that, but I haven't noticed that before and so for that reason it is quite interesting to consider as a possibility to God against in future. This would obviously be a lot easier if they were clearer messaging from "my own team".  

I have been aware of this as a potential risk for some time now, although I haven't seen as clear as an example, as I have witnessed this evening; in other times there has been more capacity to be able to consider homegrown adverse behaviour. This particular one, this looks like something to deliberately prod reactions with.  

Looks like a gambit, quite honestly.  

---

[The least annoying word was the words that he pronounced properly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5C5t9/)  

I feel like this this really distinct experience that I seem to only share with a very small minority of people, when it comes to this voice thing. Please just let us pronounce it however the fuck we want, all this shows is that we've had to engage in several different spheres.  

---

[It will never not amaze me, when British media sources don't seem to see that there could be a conflict of interest here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC5t2cE/)  

You don't have to actively dislike people, to understand that they may be in business arrangements that make it hard for them to be not biased.  

You would have to acknowledge that they are human, though. Very scary stuff.  

As we were talking about Palestine 36 yesterday, just to link it so that we understand, the JNF is essentially the vehicle with which money was fundraisers by people who wanted to colonise Palestine under the banner of Zionism, in order to buy dunam of land that had not necessarily been registered in Palestine, even where that land was very clearly worked over many generations.  

If we want to discuss how this was a clash of understanding about land law, we can, but given that this was already noted as being something where there was a clash of land law and land culture under the Raj, this only points the direction of responsibility to not engage in certain business practices in certain directions.  

I haven't been raised in households or in communities where there is a high expectation for me to engage in the system, so I'm not saying that that is simple and that that isn't emotionally complicated, to have this expectation of always having to engage in something specific abroad. However, in the context of that being a current active genocide, I need to see you materially do something about that genocide, before we can even start to have the conversation of how this was a less than ideal system for all players within the system. It is only by recognising the suffering in dispossession of Palestinians, that you can have your day for honesty and you can have your day for saying that this essentially got set up in a way that was doomed to be an incredibly violent situation, and which parties ultimately we're going to be most likely to benefit and most likely to be protected from any responsibility or consequences.  

The genocide of Palestinians must stop first. Only then can we discuss the other issues at play.  

You have to let Palestinians speak their own story, and you cannot insist that they owe you for the failings of Western aristocracy, when you are discussing crimes that have got nothing to do with Palestine.  

---
