[What I am, is fucking furious.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaVT2gH/)  

[So far Britain, France, and Germany are all party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaVGyL2/)  

[The lack of notice that France is admitting to here, is important to understanding what is going on in the wider picture. This is suggestive of coercion of allies that the US and Israel are in treaty with.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaVqUKm/)  

First off, neither the United States or Israel have actually consulted with any of their wider parliament.  

Secondly, there are already clear war crimes which have been committed; whilst I appreciate that international humanitarian and law needs far better enforcement, the standards should be that we never fucking murder civilians. If we have the precision technology that we all brag about, that should not be that fucking hard.  

Thirdly, the UK has not consulted with parliament because it is not yet fucking Monday - Israel, who by the way have an organisation in government that controls the siege to Gaza which doesn't work on Shabbat even during emergencies, still managed to make the first strike on the Sabbath. *Explain it to me like I'm 5.* A lot of you don't realise, because you all think that that country represents all Jews, there are a lot of laws that Jews have regarding if we ever have to engage in violence even as protection, and Israel just ain't following any it. Issues like this are why I do not like referring to the state with the name of one of our prophets, nor do I particularly enjoy having to use the name which we use for our religious group within prayer to refer to that legal entity.  

Furthermore, there are reports that a drone has struck RAF Akitori. Whose drone this is, or how much of a meaning will threaten it was, or whether it was downed which would really be the preference for defence, do not appear yet confirmed. However, just because someone strikes you once doesn't mean you ultimately have to allow your friends who are batshit insane to be on your base.  

Moreover, alongside the civilian deaths in Iran of people, including children, there are also already US servicemen who have died in the line of duty. That's on day one. Their families are now going to have to refer to "Operation Epic Fury"; this will tank recruitment, not simply because you cannot keep your personnel safe, but also because it is incredibly insulting to name something like a Pokémon fucking trading card, when people are sacrificing their lives. The majority of people who go into the armed forces are putting their lives on the line for what they believe is going to be legitimate defence. Not whatever the fuck this is. This is already dividing people so strongly, and there are already references to Vietnam and Iraq circulating. Israelis who are still within the state of Israel have been reporting for a long time that the state is disintegrating structurally, and that civil and rest is so significant, and that this particularly presents a threat to the Prime Minister of Israel. I often find that people equivocate the end of the state of Israel or a significant change the state of Israel's governance, as somehow being alike to the end of the Jewish people - none of that is true. Whilst I recognise that there is a significant risk of violence that comes as a backlash, there hasn't been a single other country that when it went through a process of significant and profound political change, every single person just disappeared. Western government uses this rhetoric and it is paternalistic towards Jewish people, as it essentially traps us into a situation where any challenge of Israel's government has seen as illegitimate, even when their Prime Minister has not answered his corruption charges fully, even as Israelis have serious concerns and belief that they were pulled into essentially a large guilt trip in order to go to Gaza, and even when they have serious concerns about the Knesset. It's pretty ironic for white men who discuss "the only democracy in the Middle East", to simultaneously be undermining Israel's whenever they actually engage in profound democratic resistance.  

In regards to everyone, so to the school girls and their teachers who were murdered, in regard to the US personnel who have died whilst in service to US forces, may all of their memories be a blessing and may peace be upon them.  

Whoever is advising this from a British perspective, needs asking what exactly we perceive ourselves as either owing the United States or Israel, or the risk that we perceive if we were to not engage in whatever this is, because there is a high risk that our own personnel will be asked to engage in actions which support war crimes, and we need to have a really transparent conversation about exactly why we are being positioned as needing to engage with these forces. You can be allies with a country, and not follow them into every precarious situation; you can have friends who do crazy shit when they are drunk, does not mean you have to follow them every time they do it. The fact that we are talking about this as if it's unavoidable is extremely concerning. None of this has been raised to our parliament because it has been the weekend, and the further down the rabbit hole we go, the harder it is to withdraw, so already this feels like a situation we are being coerced into supporting as a country.  

Furthermore, it is notable that whilst during the initial protests which Iranian people engaged in at significant risk and cost to themselves, our own media platformed British Iranian voices and voices of Iranian people living in the UK; it's notable that that is not the case right now.  

Our country consistently uses people in this way, where you are used for permission to talk about an issue, and then you are tokenised when it comes to the meaningful decision-making.  

It is really unclear why we are currently engaging. There is a high risk of further war crimes being perpetuated. This is deeply unfair to those UK personnel, who joined for the Marietta reasons that they did, but expected to follow some standard rules of human decency for engagement. This is why we have international law, and it is utterly bizarre to watch what's going on.  

You can say that the leadership and the regime of Iran are absolutely terrible, and you can still say that a bombing campaign is not the only way of "helping", and is the highest risk method to assisting people in Iran currently.  

Following the pre-emptive strikes started by Israel and the United States, there have now been strikes across the Middle East from Iran. This was foreseeable.  

To say that the United States and Israel are run by men who are sensible and restrained and are worthy of our support, is a fairly fucking bold statement; both men face criminal charges in their own home countries. If we have dependencies that are tying us into this, or if we have concern for how they may impact our systems or our defence, we need to start talking about that.  

[This is quite a distressing clip, and includes other human beings loudly expressing pain in the aftermath of strikes, so please be careful if this is not the right time for you. I'm including this because this is what war looks like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaVooJu/) There are also images of human beings in shrouds post-mortem, and whilst you can't see their injuries or their faces, I am aware that this can be very distressing.  

In regard to what this man is saying, those were all very foreseeable things that were escalated by the military forces from his country, and it should be noted that the Israeli public has been requiring further narrative reassurance from government to even continue the operation in Gaza.  

This is not a stable government, and they are not necessarily going forward with the will of their own people.  

---

[Republican Senators are demanding the release of the files in their appropriate format for the survivors of the Epstein network, from the Department of Justice.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaVKP7C/)  

That has happened just before the strikes, is irrelevant; do not let these men use aggression to deny what their own law holds them to do.  

---

The first white person to explain to me what the IRGC says about Jewish people? You'll get your Holocaust card revoked so I suggest you don't fucking say it.  

When people use Jewish people and Jewish safety to justify military aggression, those same people don't tend to have very good track records, of listening or engaging with Jewish community at a grassroots level.  

Forgive me if I do not wish to be used as a human rhetorical shield, to murder other people.  

---

I also need everyone to give some space to the people who are joking around on social media, I just want to let the policy men know that this is called "humour as an ego defence", and it is because you are all stress stressing us out, but it's also because you've all stressed us out for the entirety of the time that we've been adults, or in some cases, been alive.  

I acknowledge that you had the Cold War and this idea of always this impending risk of total doom. We have been a forever war since I was a child, and everyone younger than me has been a forever war since they were born.  

We are using humour to cope because it is stressful, and the fact that we can't even tell that it's stressful sometimes or really shrug it off, should really say what the older generations have chosen to do to our world such that that is just normal for us.  

I'm not blaming you all individually personally for this, I'm just trying to explain why this might be profoundly unusual to you and you might find it strange. It's not because we don't give a shit, it's because we have had too much of this shit, that that is far too much to have to go through emotionally, so we're just gonna joke about it and joke about having to be drafted.  

---

[if you don't like it when I call it, necrocapitalism, please explain what you would call this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaqmbfU/)  

so, I'm not saying that I was fully aware of the elements of imperialism or white supremacy when I was a teenager (clearly that was not something I understood very well), but I do want to explain to you how people end up entering defence when you live in a place where that is actually quite a normal career to choose, where it is seen as a good career and a steady career. I also want to explain to you what it's like to tell grown men age 14 or 15 that yes, in this interview I am confirming that these are the particular times where I would carry and/or fire a weapon, as a doctor (because your girl was asked just like many other people this interview question for the defence sixth form college interviews).  

At that time, I genuinely trusted that I would only be used as personnel where there was reason for us to be there. You can call this deeply naive, but I think it's fair to say that once Iraq happened, and once it became incredibly obvious that we were not there for a good reason, even to my little teenage brain, that conceptually undermines why a lot of people go into the on forces or why they trust the commanding officer hierarchy in the Armed Forces.  

In order for me to say that yes I would carry a weapon and yes I would use it if it was necessary, I need to believe that I'm going to be put into situations where I genuinely need to defend my patience, not into situations which are offensive and which are provoking, and particularly not into situations where we are the ones openly violating international law.  

It may seem very strange to people that there are laws governing the limits of war, and while I would say that obviously you would want to avoid or wherever possible, this was part of deescalating after 1945. It is a failure on our behalf as Europeans and as Americans that we have failed to see a lot of our own colonial activity as aggressive, and that we keep seeing it as being defensive, even when we don't consult with anyone who has a relevant stake.  

When I talk about the fact that recruitment and retention will decrease, I talk about this because it seems to be one of the only languages that these men in power really understand; they need human resources in order to continue their wars.  

It is incredibly insulting to know that, like many impoverished diaries of the UK, the region that I come from is one of the big intake regions for the armed forces, essentially because we are just cannon fodder to you. This might seem quite a cynical departure from the teenager who was prepared to use lethal forced to defend patients. It's actually the same mentality. I am prepared to put my life on the line to defend other people who I care for - because of what I have trained for my entire life, this includes people here to you might seem to be strangers, but in that moment they are trusting me to be able to care for them. (Obviously I am not currently in the medical profession because I am antizionist and Jewish, in the UK; this was untenable under our current "defence" governance.) it's not that people who are from my region or stupid or that we value life less, but we grow up very much being fed and narrative about how community has a lot of value, and about how it's important to be able to sacrifice things that are for your convenience for the wider good of the community. There are reasons why this was particularly strong in my upbringing, but these are the broad strokes.  

when governments and policymakers support fragrant violations of international law, encourage situations in which people are participant in war crimes, even if only in part due to the segmentation of war in the current era, and when the war we going to do not have any logic which is making any sense at all, people who come into the armed forces from backgrounds like mine, don't just feel upset or confused about this. It feels like betrayal and it feels like moral injury. It takes what is usually an honest or good intention, however misplaced you may feel that is that is what most people are coming from, coupled with a willingness to do fairly physical work and fairly tiresome shifts, whilst also accepting conditions which most workers would not accept, and treat that like it's just nothing. The reason that the social contract works in our own communities is because there is a reciprocity system, and the social net work almost like a spiderweb - everyone's collective actions join together to make something which contains the whole community, however imperfect and however incomplete that safety web might be.  

When we can see in great relief, and this has been the case for about 20 years, that the social contract is not respected by a significant portion of the decision-making apparatus, in this case we are talking about the governance of defence, the contracting and defence, and also the policy makers, then the entire idea of contributing towards that by the web of defence is undermined for people who come from backgrounds like mine.  

By saying that you're not going to contribute, you've shown such a large vulnerability in how the entire system works, that this raises serious questions for us about your command and your leadership, to the extent that we don't know whether or not the web can actually hold up.  

In this scenario, it does not then make sense for us to contribute as much as we might have been contributing before, or indeed to join in making that web in the first place.  
I will repeat for the millionth time that poor people are not stupid. Just because somebody comes from a certain area of the country, does not make them unable to see what is in front of them.  

Lack of fulfilment of the social contract at the top of the MOD and within cabinet are undermining recruitment and retention, and you cannot solve that by putting shiny or glossy leaflets through People's doors, and you cannot resolve it by making prettier speeches on TV.  

Every single time we do something like we're doing now, this undermines further any future recruitment and retention for the years to come, not just right now.  

There are a group of men who seem to complain ferociously about the lack of uptake of armed forces jobs, whilst taking all of the benefits of those jobs away, whilst going into conflicts that don't make any sense and that constitute significant human suffering, who are not protecting their personnel from commission of and therefore later accountability for actions which may amount to war crimes, and yet these same men have the gall to appear an interview interviews or appear on television and tell the general public that young people die aren't willing to sacrifice for their country.  

Young people today are simply showing they didn't trust you personally, none of this condemns young people for their sense of community.  

Some of the experience the last year or so would suggest that some people think that I "suddenly radicalised" and became anti-war. This apparent "sudden radicalisation" came after it became clear that we went to Iraq on the lies of men who should've fucking known better, and engaged us in cruel, inhumane, and degrading treatment (ie torture) of people who included our own citizens, and we moved the situation around so that it would not be seen by the general public, and that it could not be effectively legally challenged. A number of these men are still held without trial. I did not "suddenly radicalise". I have kept the same oaths, exactly the fucking same. My standards have not changed. My standards cannot be moved for a few extra pounds in my purse.  

I give the gentlemen the floor.  

---

(Although I note, that having one sense of reality question when one is really just trying to do the right thing under some of the most pressured conditions, is not unrelated. What you were seeing from people like Me, he's not "paid insurgency" and it is not "sudden radicalisation" – it is a bone deep fatigue of our capacity to hold empathy, with those who are actively harming us. I can keep playing Cassandra, and many of us are doing a wonderful imitation of her, but ultimately the only thing that will change anything about the course, will be those with more power choosing to listen, or at the very least, choosing to be curious.)  

---

If you want to know what the Epstein network and their influence on media has done to our world, remember that we used to have [interviews](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaqhpHe/) like [these](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaqybGp/). consolidation of power was focused on white women, and it's really only at the point where you start to get up rise of both MeToo and BLM that you start to see black women platformed, which is exactly when the same interest group started to escalate their tactics of cultural suppression.  
I'm telling you now that these "men" are scared as shit.  

White feminism has been the most targeted, and this is consistent with the large body of work on post-colonial theory and decolonisation, as a means of consolidating power. We are being in controlled so that we extend that control to other women, and men who are racialised. We are not being given power by white men because they just feel like it. It is always for a reason. It is always for a purpose. This mirrors how white women were some of the crawls and most brutal enforcers of segregation im the British Raj.  

This is why there is no feminism in exclusionary feminism; everyone comes along, or it's not about equality or justice. This doesn't remove the ability to have safe spaces for people who are most commonly harmed in social spaces. It does mean that if you have a problem with part of the movement, you need to look inside yourself to see whether or not you are apart in the same shit that these men taught us to keep us divided.  

---

[We are not using our current available national security tools to dismantle child sex trafficking networks, so pretending that this is somehow about protecting children is an excuse to get it on your phone, and the software itself can be misused to facilitate grooming of children, so... how are we going to protect children from any bad actors who are in oversight or who are monitoring the software? We don't currently have effective oversight of that.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaqmr2w/)  

---

[Oi. Don't be blaming me for this "small boats" business as well, like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaqDm7j/)  

How committed do you have to pay to literally rescue your own death on the Mediterranean and then again on the English Channel, if your sole purpose is to come to United Kingdom and spread antisemitism?  

To be fair, I have to admire this apparent commitment.  

On a serious note, this doesn't just replicate old timey antisemitism, but this is taking lines from the great replacement theory. So according to this great replacement theory, which we get the phrase white genocide from (which is simply not a thing that is happening), what I am secretly doing with my time as a Jewish woman, is to move around whole populations of the globe, such that white people get replaced with people with more melanin. Apparently, I do this by deliberate "race mixing" (what a gross term), as well as with whatever I do at the Council of the elders of Zion (which I'm impressed by, because I'm mainly there for the snacks).  

A number of people repeat talking lines and sometimes they are genuinely very unaware of where these ideas originate, but this is very much QAnon era great replacement theory, rehash of oldschool antisemitism.  

I'm not commenting on whether this individual personally understands that what he is saying is deeply anti-Jewish, but it is. It suggests at least that he is in close contact with people who genuinely believe this shit.  

I don't know who in Westminster is parroting the Great replacement theory, but you guys need to really assess who was in your ranks, because this is definitely gotten worse since the pandemic.  

[This is the three minutes Reuters video explaining it.](https://youtu.be/8KB62ySUVcE?si=Un9Ic9zBxO-tMyYz) There have now been multiple significant domestic terrorism events which have been perpetrated because of this nonsense being spreader a great scale, and there is currently is no focus for this within UK counterterrorism to stop it from spreading, which is in itself against the advice of the counterterrorism experts who advised the government on their priorities.  

That is deep seated antisemitism in the British government, but it comes more from a long-standing cultural normalisation of the same eugenics that was deeply influential on movements that proceeded and led to the rise of Nazi Germany. In order to talk about the actual problems of it here, we need to make peace with the fact that most of us are a little bit racist, because if we keep putting up this huge defence against it whenever actually going to talk about the problems. We keep making this into soundbite content, instead of actually talking about the underlying beliefs that many of us have and have casually soaked up, because it's only by challenging them directly that we can override them and retrain our own cognition.  

[If you need a video in longer format debunking the conspiracy theory itself, here you go.](https://youtu.be/VUbxVfSqtt8?si=4v3n-vyo8kW84p43) Due to the nature of the content, a number of racist views of online content creators are discussed, so while this is done in the way that shows why they are in the wrong for doing that, please just be aware that that might or might not be something that you're in the mood for.   

It's really important to remember is that over about 40 or 50 years, the far right in the UK started to recognise that it couldn't say things openly, and this is the same in the United States and internationally. They started to recognise that they need to be very careful about their language in order to gain power and consolidate power across different groups who might be put off if they were more blunt. they know that they need to be subtle before they are in a position of holding a certain level of power that can be wielded to enforce a certain suppression standard. You can see how this is happening by looking at the United States' current administration.  

I say this because that is a deliberate manipulation of language, so the fact that it's different ethnicities that I'll complained about 10 years ago versus now is deliberate, and it represents a lack of regard for the majority of us, including people who would normally be considered wiped by most people. in this regard your whitness is conditional, and you personally do not control the conditions.  

This is also to reemphasise the fact that you can pick up talking points and you can pick up language without realising what you're picking up. There is often a very deliberate attempt to integrate this into more moderate individuals or individuals who resonate more with democratic politics, and therefore this is something that we have to be aware of across the political spectrum, to ensure that we are not engaging with it as far as we possibly can.  

i've said this many times before, but I'm gonna put my hand up and say that I have engaged in language that I didn't realise where it had come from what it was referring to, and I'm saying that to show that you can have humility about it, it is a teachable point, and you can learn to be better. Personally as a Jewish woman, I'm not going to come and beat everybody for using wanting him once for example, what is one more concerning to me, is where there are repeated choices to be engaging in this language and this rhetoric. I am fully aware that many people who are using it in the centre of politics have no idea what they're saying until they are told. For that reason, I don't always use shame as a response, and whilst I appreciate that I probably need to improve my general tolerance when I write about it, the particular way which I am currently experiencing electronic interference means that sometimes you are gonna hear our rant on this blog. This may not represent what I would actually say to you in real life. I may demonstrate a lot more patience in person.  

[Kat Blaque re-uploaded her video where she covers exactly how the rebranding of these ideas happened, and this does discuss the language which is used across different settings, and how it is often the case that different language is used in different settings with the purpose every reframing the risk that these political movements pose, when coming into contact with a audience that is likely to be more sceptical of their intentions.](https://youtu.be/2gyV1Ykm0cs?si=duX47KBrZ1SeloG5)

---

Not being able to find any references to a similar sex trafficking ring, which did include to some degree underage survivors, given how much Epstein and his associates discussed any cases similar to his, in the Epstein files, is actually quite unusual. It's very unclear if this is being held specifically because of current legal proceedings or not, seeing as the defendants are besties with Trump.  

There are a number of times were that you can't find discussion of something as a topic that seems like a Stalinesque erasure of history, or an ongoing discussion over months or years just suddenly stops like you've paused a film.  

To this date there is no confirmation and any of those hot money networks, will the network facilitate abuse and exploitation, are not current. Thinking that an entire network would disintegrate just because one guy dies is pretty hopeful, ngl.  

---
