🦎

---

["Early March" must mean by the end of this week, I imagine?](https://hansard.parliament.uk/Commons/2026-03-05/debates/B39EA28B-AF84-4335-B006-C0958860CC72/PeterMandelsonReleaseOfInformation)  

Reminding is all that what legally falls under "national security" during legal peacetime is in fact rather narrow; we are conducting defensive operations, and we are legally in peacetime.  

Give it 24 hrs and someone will find a reason to enter war. 😒  

---

["It risks hindering free speech under the law and legitimate criticism of Islamism"](https://www.theguardian.com/news/2026/mar/09/definition-of-anti-muslim-hate-will-not-harm-free-speech-says-steve-reed)  

You mean... like the IHRA?  

It does look like everyone who wants to criticise this new definition of anti-Muslim bigotry, has essentially read up on the criticisms of the IHRA, and changed the nouns.  

It does show you do listen, and you do all know; the problem, therefore, is one of political appetite.  

Now, give that the terms of reference practically bolded the need to prptect free speech, and [this is the output](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/a-definition-of-anti-muslim-hostility#definition-of-anti-muslim-hostility), I'd actually be interested to know how the Not At All Racists Just Asking Questions brigade are now going to argue that they are uniquely oppressed as rich white men.  

The definition really just says that uou can't weild the laws around freedom of speech and national security to be a cunt. The fact things have gotten bad enough that some of you needed this as a policy paper, is really just evidence that some of you were being utter cunts, and couldn't wind it in.  

Although perhaps we need an informal rule, that whenever politicians use the terms Islamism or jihadism, they have to define it. Like when you're a woman with literally any interest that overlaps with men, so they puroty test you with a popquiz to work out if you're "real".  

Like, are you really here to talk about this like an adult, or are you just hiding behind fancy words?  

You have a rule about an old top hat in Parliament; popquiz tasks would hardly be out of place in the chamber.  

---

[I'm honestly surprised Scotland hasn't disowned this man yet.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuHfq74/)  

How obsessed with selling off the silverware does one man need to be?  

---

[A Hindu-Muslim response to the misinformation around a recent incodent in Harrow.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuHb9Y6/)  

This is the kind of emotional labour that every marginalised community is doing every day in this country. Everyone is tired, and everyone is stronger together.  

---

[The "patriots" can look up countries, units, and keywords, and start seeing the six-figure number of Muslim, Hindu, and Sikh men who fought and died for a country that they had not necessarily ever been to.](https://www.cwgc.org/)  

The "small boats" is a little DARVO for strange white people with "trading companies" invading the shores of everywhere else, if we are honest.  

There are a number of people who are clearly quite nervous that, having inherited wealth created by involvement in empire, they may one day be asked for redress.  

Remember that no matter how much you have in this life, you cannot take it upstairs; healing is often something that requires non-physical respurce, and where there is a request for physical respurce contribution, this tends to come when resources have been made scarce.  

The fear loop is self-reiterating, self-perpetuating, once it reaches this height.  

The poor are not going to eat you, when they can have bread instead.  

---

["The Rafah crossing with Egypt has stayed shut, and aid agencies say the current volumes are far below what is needed...this week that only about 200 trucks a day were entering Gaza, compared with roughly 600 needed daily to support the territory’s population. She also said about 18,000 people, including wounded children and patients with chronic illnesses, were still waiting to be evacuated."](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2026/3/10/gaza-food-prices-soar-as-border-closures-deepen-shortages-amid-iran-war)  

Can someone please remind the IDF that they have accidentally left the doors locked? In all the excitement of World War 3, they appear to have forgotten that they are nearly 2 million people that they have locked in an open-air cell without any food.  
What is the plan for upholding the obligations for welfare of the people of any military occupied land, as per international law? You do realise that that set of laws was made in part because of what happened to us, right? That's why it looks a certain way when you will not make any effort to be compliant with it.  

---

> "On a tour of the Auschwitz death camp, the guide asks Jewish students packed in the cattle car of a display train to feel the terror of being ripped away from their families, not knowing what horrors await them upon arrival at their destination. On these tours, students undergo an intense curated experience of the concentration camps during which they are encouraged to imagine the trauma of the camps as though they are living through it themselves. The harrowing trips actually traumatize many students, who are encouraged to seek comfort in the present by wrapping Israeli flags around their shoulders while they sing the Israeli national anthem."

This is probably one of the hotter takes that I'm going to give you at any point in time, because I appreciate that it is something which gives you the impression that I'm not respecting the history:  

I don't think that that particular site, in the way in which it exists, is the most emotionally poignant place to process the emotion of what happened.  

I personally find that it is too busy, and a little bit too much like a museum rather than a display of a memorial, that for my brain and for how I am, it really felt like a clustered experience that distract distracted from what it actually was. A lot of this is due to the circumstances of it being very famous, not because there wasn't effort to try and make it a memorial which meant something.  

When I was a teenager, I went to a very different site, and at that site, because it was more peaceful there was space to breathe and process the historical drama of what that site meant.  

It was the first time I'd really felt that way for an archaeological site, because there wasn't really that much distance in terms of the time, and there wasn't also a history of the site being used for happier purposes as well as the darker history.  

That was an incredibly unusual experience to process, and it means that 20 years on, I still have meaningful emotional memory of that day.  

Different people will respond in different ways, and some people will find the opposite was true for them, in terms of both historical sites. Our brains are all a little bit different, and that's absolutely grand. It is neither a good or a bad thing.  

So when I see people of celebrity status, go and visit Auschwitz, it doesn't really mean anything to me. In fact, what I find is that I get that icky feeling of distrust, because it feels like you're performing this ritual of "saving the Jews". No one needs to be ritual saved, as if we were all ritual goats for a slaughter.  

I recognise also, that has a white person, I am very guilty of white saviourosm; I'm recognising both my ability to cause harm here, and also be harmed by the attitude. Circumstances dependent.  

The problem with this is not necessarily the country in particular, which is being used as a Band-Aid for the trauma – the problem is that something external to the person themselves is being used, as a way to regulate the nervous system.  

If you are dealing in political propaganda for a state, this is a genius idea, but if you actually care about how people feel and want the Jewish people People as a whole to not be in a permanent sense of traumatisation, this is a terrible one.  

As someone who lives with complex PTSD, the least useful although somewhat more potent methods to regulate my trauma, are all things that require an external agent in order to assist me regulating. Benzodiazepines, for example, will temporarily assist me regulating. Does that mean that they are the best thing for me to use every day? Even if I look towards another human being, they might be very steady and they might be somebody who is very trustworthy, but this still means that I seek that regulation from someone else, and there still means that I depend on someone else in order to regulate my own nervous system. Be much more boring, the much more painful to develop, they're much more enduring ways in which I can manage my own nervous system, and therefore manage not only my emotions but a number of my bodily functions, my general sense of comfort, my general sense of safety, our all things which are developed internally. That means that it is my fucking problem if they don't work, it's my problem if they go wrong, it's my problem if it turns out that they are damaging to other people. However, by having those reserves, those methods, those tools, when everything else in the world is taken away from me and I have nothing left? Well actually, I do have things left, because they're inside me, and they cannot be taken away from me.  

It is unsurprising to me when I see people come out of very difficult situations with an apparent new strength to them, because whilst I'm not saying that that means that they didn't have any trauma during or after, it is possible to develop ways in which one regulates one zone nervous system, and therefore most of one's brain and body, which are entirely in one's mind.  

I'm not one of those "the body remembers" people, because I think that is a little bit too simplistic, and the particular author that you're probably all thinking of is a little imperfect.  

What I find far more interesting and revealing about the human experience, is when you start to look through historical accounts of events that were highly traumatic, and look at how every everyday people regulated themselves, and look at how folk medicine was used at a time when the modern methods that we have did not exist. This is not in any way shape or form to say that modern methods are not incredibly good, but we all know how difficult it is to get access to them. It is entirely possible to take some of these modern methods, even if you have to access them in many years to come, an entirely possible to take some of the better evidence and safer forms of folk medicine,, and by binding that to your own personal history, your embody even more deeply at a story of strength and resilience.  

What I would love to see as a piece of work in the future, I know there are plenty of people already doing this work but it is poorly funded, often not funded at all, is to further develop that middle ground between traditional ways of doing things and the evidence based that exists in modern medicine.  


This is all to say, but only if you were seeking to control a population, or would deeply ignorant of the type of resilience that got people through highly traumatic events, would you choose to both introduced trauma and also make the only solution to that trauma something external to the person.  

I have no doubt that many people have engaged in these activities and events fully believing that what they did was in the best interest of the people they were engaging with, although we also have to recognise how harmful this is on a communal level as well. It is unsurprising that we now have significant problems in resolving generational trauma, because the most useful we can be two systems of power wherever they exist, is to be permanently and emotionally dysregulated. We see this in many examples of governance, and we see it all over the world, done to completely different communities to us, done to communities that live alongside us, as well as done to our own communities.  

These are ways of trauma which I learned through mimicking the forces of empire, and they are examples of mimicking colonisation. Once we know better, than to keep perpetuating these methods, there is a wealth of first person testimony available throughout the history of the Jewish people, that speak to embodied healing and embodied resistance to highly traumatising events.  

It is unsurprising that we seek to control via the means of trauma, because although this is deeply up horrent, it is something that we have learned and picked up from other sources. May we unlearn those ways of interacting with others. Because of the previous history of oppression, these methods also traumatise us when we use them as well, and bedding our own histories of traumatic events even further.  

The people who still want us to perpetuate violence, are not our friends.  

*Remember who you are.*

Joseph did not even need his coat, let alone some flag, to survive.  

Remember who you are.  

---

["Scandal individualises corruption, creating a spectacle that redirects anger away from structural power."](https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2026/2/26/epstein-and-the-politics-of-distraction)  

---

[Perhaps I am being very silly, but I don't think I can find this in the Hansard.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c86y466v0x6o)  

I also don't know why my own personal data requests, will often go completely silent and only get answered in the week after things like this get announced, and yet everyone denies having any knowledge of anything; I don't know precisely *whose* risk matrix I keep bumping up alongside, but this again, whilst potentially completely random and just a long string of bad luck in incidents, is extremely re-traumatising due to the nature of the matters.  


If it's the case that "all" that happened, is that my records were pulled for a further review in order to examine how to minimise the likelihood of rich men in this country getting arrested or tried, can't you all just admit that?  

I am somewhat concerned that no one is just being honest, but then I also appreciate how abusive whatever it is that is this unknown quantity or unknown processor, is.  

I could also point out that even though the fascists are not giving me the best responses in the world, they are not the political outfit that has been completely silent, when requests have been made under the relevant legal instrument.  

---

[You know, people get surprised when people like Trump say things like this about a six-year-olds, and I think we forget that it's actually very normal in a lot of high control religious situations for what he did to not really be considered wrong, and for women and girls to be considered property of men.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQM4eW/)  

I would encourage laughing at the fact that he's wrapping himself up and religion half of the time, but I don't think it's that surprising that religious extremist surround him have found ways to spiritually bypass any moral accountability for being a possible child sex offender.  

It's really not that surprising, any high control religious environment under patriarchy does this. It's not just "people who don't look like you".  

---

[I miss my spiritual home. 🥲](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQu9Sc/)  

(I only had nine months eastwards, on the central line.)  

---

[🇺🇸: This guy vs Tiny Hands. This is the kind of ballsy American shit we wanna see.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQqc4T/)  

[Original via AJ.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQuCDy/)  

---

[This is how a lot of independent content creators build trust, because they are just honest when they mess it up, because we all do!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQQa8Y/)  

I actually spent quite a lot of time thinking about that yesterday evening, and just thinking about how easy it would be to freak out specific populations just by getting a radio transmitter and learning some basic Farsi.  

---

[The Telegraph is literally so close, it could touch the point.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuQ9R6t/)  

Personally, I find the criticism of the Prime Minister of Qatar very bizarre, considering the concessions that he has made politically. They strongly suggest that this is either ideological thought, or that one is in a shared space with the same people who do not particularly like Qatar.  

This idea of the Faberge eggs and the glass windows is really quite odd, and completely disregards the fact that we are not equipped nor would it be wise for us to equip, on a completely pragmatic level, as if we were going to heavily carpet bomb if anyone throws the slightest little stone at us in the future.  

This analysis completely misses the point of what logistics actually look like on this island, and completely misses the point about what logistics look like across British overseas territories, as well as the logistics of the alliances that we're in.  

Can we please just let people who have actually done the job before talk to the analysis of events?  

This is why everybody was all over that labour MP that gave the interview on LBC the other day, because it just sounded like he'd actually even been on a base before; the vast majority of people in this country do jobs that require a degree of understanding the limitations of situations, this analysis is utterly bizarre.  

Although I do like that, we are so close to the point on the cost, even though I feel that perhaps we don't need to mislead people to think that every single scramble costs £90 million.  

---

[Hm. BBC got there on verify tho, so why can't SoS at least state, "if this turns out to be verified by investigation", or even just, "we/I condemn (whichever element, because they usually sidestep something)". 🤔](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuCBMPf/)  

Ngl Defence has been very odd for the last few years. Something weird in the policy ecosystem, there.  

It's been quite a few things the last 10 years where you just kind of wonder what the benefit was, particularly in non-disclosures of information where really only protects like one party or one financial interest.  

This might be the time to point out, that there is no such thing as a free lunch.  

---

[ILAs are baby steps, but without commitment to serious reform including after-care, the MoJ is leaving anyone who survives and goes to Court in a position whether their entire life can be taken away from them afterwards.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c2d1y87d8yzo)  

The justice department is just not living in the same reality as victims or survivors; everything that we do is online now, including your work, but you can't secure it.  

It doesn't matter if less information is asked for, if the information is given is not secure itself.  

Why are you unable to do anything about this, or advise appropriately when it happens?  

---

[I'm sorry, but if you're still following this man in 2026, your shame kink is visible from space.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuCkhvL/)  

There's nothing wrong with that, please just be honest about it.  

[Losing your rag at Beth Rigby is a bit awkward, like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuCbcFA/)  

It would actually be really interesting to see how the statement that he's making might be legally technically correct, but might be avoiding the reality about how people were incentivised to vote. He's so defensive about this that it makes you wonder, is he trying to avoid something legal happening?  

In which case, something that might be interesting is showing whether or not there is evidence which demonstrates that there were frequent enough references to this policy point, that voters would've reasonably believed that it was a party pledge.  

At around this time, the reform party is candidates had significant scrubbing of previous statements politically online, where this might represent conflict with the current party pledges, and the reform party is never actually registered as a political party structure, it's always registered as a private limited company. This makes governance a bit tricky.  

Something that might be interesting would be if OSINT can bring up enough examples of statements which would've supported the general understanding that this was the pledge.  

Probably worth archiving things, because this content would pose higher risk of being scrubbed.  

[LBC, Oct 2025: includes references to previous statements.](https://www.lbc.co.uk/article/reform-council-tax-hikes-lower-tax-farage-5HjdFDg_2/)  

[Nottinghamshire Live is the local newspaper to that area, and the number of Reform UK seats gained on councils here, means they've done a lot of coverage. Reform UK even banned them.](https://www.nottinghampost.com/all-about/reform-uk)  

[Kent also got a number of Reform UK councillors, so they also got DOLGE. (DOGE: UK Edition.)](https://bylinetimes.com/2025/06/06/reform-uks-doge-team-resignations/)  

[DOLGE/DOGE itself was the Reform UK party responding to the fact that when they were in office, they started openly saying that they accepted that tax cuts weren't feasible.](https://leftfootforward.org/2025/07/reform-accepts-council-tax-cuts-not-going-to-happen/)  

[This problem around council tax has been brewing for years; it is arguable that the way the system currently exists, especially once it was hit by austerity, simply cannot support what it is supposed to support, particularly due to what has been moved into different peoples budgets for responsibility.](https://www.centreforcities.org/press/most-households-could-see-annual-council-tax-bills-fall/)  

[This commentary came from organisations that specifically look at financial resourcing in local government, at the time that Reform UK was making these announcements.](https://www.instituteforgovernment.org.uk/comment/doge-superficial-response-local-government)  

It's also not enough to criticise solely that party, because we can see that the problem is far more systematic than just one party, this does have roots in austerity, but it also needs to be considered in the wider scheme of how we move our money around the different forms of government that we have in this country. That's not a partisan issue. If you are genuinely worried about what you see as popularism, a lot of people are really struggling with the cost of living which is only set to increase now that Donald Trump has done what he's done, and so this will become a more and more pressing issue over the future months and years, if left on unaddressed.  

[However, if you just like to enjoy a little bit of the squirming today, that is how it's being seen abroad as well.](https://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-left-squirming-after-reform-run-councils-break-pledge-to-cut-taxes_uk_69afbbfde4b0a62acae55d2e?origin=home-latest-unit)  

[Ofc Femi had receipts 🤣](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuVmmBu/)  

Which then begs the question, is anyone actually going to refer this to either Parliamentary standards or make a complaint in line with election law?  

Or are we all just going to accept that this is how blatantly you are allowed to lie if you're a minister of parliament, even if you're outside the House of Commons?  

We all do understand that all of you PR manage the truth, but if it's this clear cut, do we accept that there are no consequences at all, or do we start enforcing some consequences?  

[Why this works out badly for Farage's image, and therefore liklihood of Reform UK majority.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRubdufL/)  

[Why Farage is likely to have u-turned (or completed the messiest 3-point-turn) on US-Israeli aggression.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRubRj4K/)  



---

[Completely separate matter, but who doesn't live a bit of sass in a newspaper headline? 🤣🤣🤣](https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/2180015/green-party-dogs-license)  

---

[This feels entirely predictable. I don't know who would wear this, even if you gave them £350.](https://www.newarab.com/opinion/how-reform-uks-lad-recruitment-scouts-football-hooligans)  

---

[Re Pete Hegseth: we also went over this already during the first days of Gaza, it doesn't matter if missiles are being thrown at you from a school or a hospital, that does not give you the right to go in and raze the place to the ground, and it does not give you the right to murder civilians, particularly children.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuXBYAy/)  

When a facility does become officially classed as being dual purpose, even when that happens, you need to have the risk assessment to prove that you actually thought about it for two seconds, and in addition that doesn't mean that you can go in and carpet bomb. I don't know how many war films you've seen (because it seems like we're basing a lot of the idea of war on films, in this), but there are lots of films about having special forces going in and rescue people without getting them harmed, even when that is in a place of danger. Please stop pretending that bombing everything is the only way to do anything.  

The fact that anyone is choosing explosive artillery at scale, over skilled work, tells you exactly what this is all about.  

---

[This is the difference when you are being policed with the unknown data processor sat in the background.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuXyQp7/)  

(No matter that Dr. Rahma Al-Adwan should herself be protected by the ICJ orders, and could herself be targeted by the same processes which constitute the crimes of genocide and apartheid that are going on in the land of Palestine, simply for her inherent identity. No matter that there is domestic law that should add onto the equality act, and uphold those ICJ orders in our own territory, to bolster protection of people within a group of people recognised as specifically at risk. Just ignore all of that, because we have proven that it is never simply about what is written down, but that the whole thing hinges upon enforcement; we will have different tiers of legal recourse until any of this is addressed.)  

Do you believe any of us yet?  

We are being policed by the grammar of the Mandate.  

Whilst our lives are so highly dependant on digital identity integrity, and whilst this is not negated by even "the best" contractors that we habe commissioned for defence, until the UK Governmemt accepts the responsibility of a governmemt anf cares for her citizens, all of us will live under the ordinary level of citizenship, and all of us will be automatically profiled by these digital systems.  

The Conservatives put this in motion, so Labour's refusal to act will be read as weakness. Donors do not matter, when one has reasonable knowledge that an apartheid has been digitally semi-replicated into British sovereign data.  

Why should we accept being policed on the standards of a foreign power, due to British lack of valour?  

Much of this was done during our country's presidency of the IHRA; I, for one, will never forget that.  

---

[Is *this* why the war was "necessary"?](https://people.com/marjorie-taylor-greene-says-maga-was-all-lie-and-claims-trump-is-only-serving-big-big-donors-11898049)  

---

[🤔 Are we sure it's us leading the response to defend Europe on this? Cabinet must have not seen in Macron's TikToks because he was well up for it, mate. He was talking to the troops, he had his music on full blast, he had sunglasses.... he was gagging for it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuVvLwQ/)  

I don't know whose hand I need to hold when I say this, but it's okay for us to not lead the charge on every single fucking battle that we attend. I don't know if anyone's noticed, but we no longer have our flags on like half of the world. The sun does now set on the British empire, so it's okay for us to just not always be in charge all of the time.  

The fact that we're trying to give the impression that we're leading, when the war itself is probably illegal, is questionable also.  

Sometimes it's good to hang back, especially when what you and your mates are doing turns out to involve balaclavas and smashed glass; we don't need to be the ones leading this, guys.  

I just assumed because of the R&D picture and the data problem I've had, that we must have something that's a bit tighter on the MOD side when it comes to our messaging, but I'm starting to wonder what's going on here, because the language we keep using makes it seem a lot like we are in wartime, but no one has announced to Parliament that we are at wartime. Is the government aware of how the UK functions? I'm not even just coming for the current government, the last one can also be here as well, because between you all it has been very confusing.  

It's fundamentally unfair to mislead the public, and this should be what we are all learning from things like the Covid inquiry. These might seem like very small rhetorical differences to us, but it's a lot easier to understand what's going on when this is 100% of your job, and the vast majority of the public might only see headlines or a very brief synopsis or read/watch/listen to the news for a short period. The general public should not have to have either a PPE degree, or a law degree, in order to try and decipher what their country is up to currently, and which laws apply. The particular argument about peacetime versus wartime is very important because most people in this country have been in both at some point in their life, and we all understand that a different standard of behaviour applies to each scenario, and in some cases some things are more or less legal in each scenario.  

---

[Oh trust me, Senator Graham: I am very against whatever an antiseminites is, too.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuVvH8f/)  

I used to wonder what these people think they're proving by pledging loyalty to the theoretical concept of a nation state, but I think what they're doing is pushing all of the onus onto that nation state, so that if anything goes catastrophically wrong, they can step back and not themselves be personally responsible.  

---

[I dod not even read it before posting it to say how good the format is please this is good filler cascade content and we literally don't know all the answers thank you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRubtjHL/)  

I'm not having an opinion on the answers at this point, because I haven't read them all, but this format is useful. Please can whoever does national emergency security why not, please take notes. I feel like there are people in the room who will absolutely know this, and there'll be people who are amazing, maybe their voice has just haven't been the loudest voice I don't know.  

None of this stuff actually takes away from the fact that you can have opinions, and obviously it means that sometimes the answers will not be perfect because you can buy our answers, but the idea that we are actually trying to clarify what's going on for people is positive.  

One of the best European leaders at the start of Covid was Angela Merkel; generally speaking all of the female heads of state did quite a good job of explaining things not in a patronising materialistic way, but just being quite frank and making it easy to understand, so that people could understand what was in front of them and making informed choices. This ultimately meant that in some cases you could prevent conspiracy theories and what had been fringe opinions from becoming really pervasive in a way that was damaging to public health.  

I'll be honest I had no idea what the fuck you guys were talking about until I listened to her broadcast, and realised that the R number was the replication count.  

The way in which mRNA was explained was not really an explanation, I remember watching a particular personality from the UK cabinet and thinking that there was no way that he hadn't just repeated what he had heard in a meeting 15 or 20 minutes prior. If you don't know something, don't bother explaining it; there were people there who had a wealth of scientific knowledge and could've done so, or it could've had its own broadcast. No one is expecting you to understand how mRNA can be used in vaccination in 10 minutes. This was another thing in the communication that might have seemed really subtle, but it was very obvious from the tone of voice that the answer was not confident, and little things like that aren't really that little. How we speak in terms of our tone our choice of words and our general expression of emotion has a lot to do with how the communication has received, so it wasn't really that surprising that a lot of people didn't feel comfortable getting the vaccines. There was already an anti-vax movement in the UK, and there was already risk that it was going to heighten, but to this day people tell me things about their experience of the vaccine and it's really difficult to talk it through without also talking about how they felt about the government during that time.  

I watched about five minutes if that of Boris Johnson's testimony today, and perhaps he didn't intend it but the tone of voice was extremely infuriating; they were a number of healthcare deaths in the first few weeks, disproportionately from doctors from minority ethnicity backgrounds and black and brown doctors, who were serving already underfunded and under prioritised communities. There were teachers of medicine who I greatly admired who we lost during the pandemic. Largely because of their service to this country. Listening to some of the figures of that times because if we should all be a lot more grateful that they were just there at that time, almost as if we shouldn't criticise anything, hits like a knife. So many people people gave so much. So many people lost so much. whether or not we want to consider it to be grievous or to be a wound, even if what it is revealing is chiefly something about our systems or our funding, the UK had one of the worst per capita mortality rates, and we should be dedicated to improve that.  

The likelihood of future pandemics is not zero. We should want to be prepared. We should want to be able to be prosocial as a species.  

That's probably all I can write about it now to be honest, because I know I haven't totally unwounded what went down during my period and quite how much it hit the healthcare professions as a whole. I always find it quite interesting that healthcare spend always seems to be completely decoupled from things like defence spend, even though that has been an attempted method of terrorist attacks across various countries, and is a likely threat vector in the future. this is why the more wisened gentlemen need to stop thinking in terms of 2000lb bombs, I need to start listening to the newer briefs.  

---

[I'm going to pick up a really particular point here, because my understanding was that we weren't talking about Iranian nuclear weapons, we were talking about Iranian nuclear facilities, which are two separate things, and the facilities that existed were brought into a run by the Shah. (In other words, a long ass time ago.)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRubKDYy/)  

I do appreciate that a lot of the men are probably trying to come to terms with something very difficult at the moment, which is accepting that Donald Trump is what he is.  

[Meanwhile, every woman has just got a conversation like this going on in their heads.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRubTW8t/)  

I do struggle a bit as well, with the idea that we necessarily require military action to liberate women, because these women had a liberation movement, and as women and children are often so very harmed by war (as an example, sexual violence is a common weapon of war). It should be reasonably simple for us to say that whilst cultures can all look very different, depriving any part of a population of their human rights is bad, but at the same time we should be able to say that bombing people is manifestly against their liberation and their freedom and their health and their safety.  

I think there is something to be sad of the fact that the patriarchy in the west is often minimise, because we are used to living within it, and sometimes the women who are able to have a platform or women who have managed to do well in spite of the patriarchy. This would actually be a really good time for Iranian women themselves to be leading on the messaging and leading on what it means to achieve freedom for women in Iran.  

This has been a widely discussed movement for many years, so the idea that there is no literature... there have been books tend into films since I was a child, and every generation has new voices.  

If the answer that you get is that we need to stop the war now because that's what's hurting women the most, then that's the answer to the question about women's liberation.  

You don't have complete freedom to choose anything in this country, or to live separately from men, or to be kept safe for men in this country; it is chauvinistic to assume that we are perfect, and we should be very careful when we speak about women's liberation and other countries, especially when we're using it to justify military action, something which always brings gendered interpersonal violence alongside it.  

---

[You know, in regard to the housing shortage particularly in London, I remember having serious conversation conversations about whether to go and become property guardians, just because it's a cheaper option.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRugPjK9/)  

You're normally in like, a disused office though.  

---

[I'm going to take a free guess that this was a reminder app on his phone that played the adhan out loud. I am somehow unsurprised and yet at the same time cannot believe that we don't recognise this world it is yet.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRugGFn8/)  

It's like church bells but with singing instead. Literally what is hard about this?  

The idea that there was no negotiation up until this point, and everything just had to be complied with, does seem a little heavy-handed.  

it is a shame that we live in a world where our fear is so strong, that in many cases culture and ornament are no longer give us joy.  

---

Somehow both Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Vladimir Putin have both become the possible saviours within the same conflict scenario? That's how much the US and Israel fucked up on this one.  

---

[This is interesting because the Open Iniversity is not in isolation here, there were changes at the British Museum as well.](https://www.newarab.com/news/uk-university-yields-pro-israel-pressure-over-palestine-term)  

Firstly, I'd like us to remember what kind of governments, rewrite history.  
It should also be noted that over the last three years, there has been significant change to a lot of the Jewish Internet even, and there are example examples of editing out key parts of diaspora history, which might read as potentially a bridge to being sympathetic to a people under occupation or who are building resistance.  

My gut feeling is that the particular versions of history that are being put forward, or an attempt to unite the extremist Christian nationalist elements of politics, with a Jewish-flavoured ethnonationalism; it feels like it's probably to do with consolidation, rather than a genuine belief in history.  

I have never believed that historians need to change what they are reporting as being the empirical evidence of what we have, in order to fit around the story that is in the Bible, so perhaps I find it difficult to find sympathy with those who may see this as reaffirming their identity.  

Personally, I think if you need to have the phrase "ancient Palestine" changed, in order to affirm your Jewish identity, you might need to work on that Jewish identity of yours.  

There is a wider point here though, which is easier to address in the public sector because of the public sector of quality duty, but which is often missed from the equality act interpretations; if as Jewish people we argue that it is too support our Jewish identity, how can we make that claim and not then also understand that Palestinian people, of which there is a diaspora community in the UK, also have a right to have their identity acknowledged under the same act? This kind of concept has literally got its own roots in halakha, and it shouldn't be unfamiliar to us.  


This is why I just don't quite buy the idea that is pushed, but this is about Jewish identity as a natural process, but is far more likely to align with, for example, the type of Jewish identity that was put forward in October 2023, where you could get a Ministry of diaspora affairs grant if you were going to be an organisation who use some of that money to advance Israel's PR aims. I don't think there's anything that's completely public about this organisation's financial holdings, but the amount of that grant matches up with roughly how much they accept that year, which could be completely coincidental, I'm unclear. This is also one of those organisations that has half of the project as a charity and half of the project as a limited business, which makes governance is a bit tricky, but I also find it quite interesting that organisations are listening to this body at a time when at least it's charitable component is under investigation by the charities commission.  

I also love that no business ever does any further consultation work with the Jewish community whenever something like this is raised to them, but instead takes 100% complete truth but whatever this organisation says, goes. I have to wonder whether this is entirely risk management and legal risk lead, or whether there is any further component which is being discussed off the record. At first I genuinely thought that it was just British people panicking, but the longer we go into this, I'm just not sure what I'm looking at.  

To be fair, it could just be British embarrassment, feeling fundamentally too awkward to challenge language which is meant to erase a people, "in whole or in part". Do you recognise the convention?  

The international laws that came out of the holocaust were made in the interest of Jewish people; it is absolutely stunning to take an interest groups opinions over and above these conventions, especially as United Kingdom legislation does exist which inherently supports those conventions being in trained in the UK domestic law.  

> "That what are you doing into the least of my breathren, you do unto me." – idk some famous Palestinian Jew you guys say you like  

When we look back at how we behaved now, we will see the answer to the question, "how could the Germans let that happen?".  

---

[All this pace in AJ+ specifically focuses on the international rules of war violations where the strikes have been in Iran, you can then look at the Gulf states and you can look at the streets in Lebanon as well as in Palestine and in Israel, and apply the same rulings across the board.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupSS2G/)  

One of the things that we need to fundamentally understand is that this international rules based order system always works best when we all agree to abide by those rules as far as possible, because as we are seeing now, when they are ignored on a large scale, it has felt to not only be a free pass, but also advantageous to aside who has had a violations to then violate someone else.  

None of us can sit on a high table and dictate to others, that simply will not work on the scale of global messaging; the days for that have passed, and arguably they were never there even when we think about them as having been there.  

Whether they are mediated slightly differently, whether different ways to manage violations or different ways to manage disagreements arise, only by all having that collective social contract on an international scale, can we stop this escalation.  

One of the reasons that we agreed to this after 1945, is because we had suddenly made incredibly powerful weapons that we had never really had anything close to, in warfare before.  
We have had a period of time that has lost respect for those treaties in agreements, but as we go forward from here, thinking about how we can make a system which safeguards humanity and humanities interests, will be to the benefit of us all.  

I could be really ageist: I think the old white men need to stop sacrificing the rest of us, so that they get to stay in power for a few more years.  

It is difficult for me to believe that you truly do not remember what it was like, when you had hopes and dreams, and you had not yet achieve what you wanted to achieve, and impending conflict was on the horizon.  

---

[Even Leavitt is on the back foot about this first-strike, double-tap, Tomahawk missle which hit the girls' school.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupmse8/)  

This is significantly stepped down for Leavitt, who isn't the most chill Press Officer in history, and this should be the opening seam which is used to crack the rest of the glass which the house is made of.  

Going from pushing their own version of events, to accepting they have to argue from consensus reality, is a show of moving from offence to defence. Keep advancing the play to take possession of the pitch.  

---

[I take it we've moved from bots to sockpuppets in comments, yeah?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupqgfR/)  

---

[Lived through lots of these and still made it in for 12.5 hrs. Pay attention to how much the 1% squirm at the idea of *any* workers having a functional union.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupfnyp/)  

Think about where you have to live in London, and how you need to get to your job, and the risks if you experoence a death on the tracks. This is why the pay is what it is.  

The anti-fall glass at Westminister would need to be installed everywhere to even begin to think about driverless, and the structure of the platforms does not favour the technology on the alternative systems.  

We could just... all have better wages, hours, and conditions, justly distribute wealth, and fund public services?  

Too much?  

---

[Small point, but a post-industrial city, the next largest after London, speaking only one language other that English? Please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupE6v6/)  

---

[‼️: Digital ID consulation is now public.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRupE6v6/)  

GOV.UK: "You will have more control over what data you share and we expect nothing less than banking levels of security." Don't make me laugh. 🫠🫠🫠  

So what's the plan if some eijit may have put you inyo the pilot scheme because they can't check a list properly, and completely fucked your digital ID, but no one wants to budge on disclosure? What then? 🤔  

I will stop complaining when my data is fixed.  

["The government intends to introduce a national digital ID (identity document) system."](https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/making-public-services-work-for-you-with-your-digital-identity) This could be clearer, although tbf, there might be a revolt. It can't just be track and trace, but I doubt it helped.  

**Dear Men: Please take one for the team by working out how this will fix any ID upu give the internet, to your healthcare data. Do you want the nice young nurse to see that? Argue for the appropriate levels of infeastructural security, please.**  

You'll be protecting survivors, too, so that'll be nice.  

Just thought I'd go for the "fear of G-d (or pretty ladies about to stab your veins)", as a starter for 10.  

--- 

