["Toward a digital ceasefire"](https://www.accessnow.org/toward-a-digital-ceasefire/)  

There is no ceasefire in Gaza; the State of Israel is still murdering Palestinians, still starving them to death.  

Farmers and shephards in the West Bank are still having their land ripped away from them and annexed.  

---

[As long as you all keep claiming to care about women and children online, please start looking at comprehensive policy recommendations.](https://www.coe.int/en/web/anti-human-trafficking/online-and-technology-facilitated-trafficking-in-human-beings#%7B%22261835651%22:%5B1%5D%7D)  
The current offering, bipartisan, has been breadcrumbs. Step it up if you want a birth rate greater than 0.  

---

[🇮🇷/🇺🇸/🇮🇶: "A KC135... carries a crew between 3-5 people. We pray that those 3-5 people are safe. This is part of the inevitable cost of a conflict."](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cy0dz5ql17vo)  

Imagine the pain and uncertainty knowinging that might be your relative, and then the best you get from your politicians is, "thoughts and prayers", and the claim that, "this is just the cost of our needs".  
The US administration completely disregards any possible risk posed by it's own voters, despite their occaisional recognition of rights around firearms.  

We've heard the, "this is the cost" line a few times, in the UK as well, and it's unclear if policy heads have a meaningful understanding, of how this lands to the public as a whole. The public doesn't get to consent in a meaningful way in operations like these, the impacts are largely borne by normal people woth normal lives, chiefly in the countries who are actively being hit, rippling outwards in diasporic weaves and connecting vines of trade, and most importantly, the classes who are being spoken down to, are likely being told their children are expendable by people who expend other people's children, but never expend their own.  

(Boy, I wonder how the Epstein network happened. We definitely don't have a fundamentally unhealthy societal attitude to moving around human beings and exploiting them. Definitely not.)  

> "Pack up your ambition in your old kit bag –  
> Soon you'll be happy with a packet of fags...  
> Let them feel that they're important to the cause,  
> But let them know that they are fighting for their homes:  
> Just be sure that they're contributing their all.  
> Give the scum a gun and make the bugger fight,  
> And be sure to have deserters shot on sight.  
> If he dies we'll send a medal to his wife."  

---

[I need to revisit his statement and positioning before and after the two major role changes at Downing Street.](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2026/mar/12/starmer-may-face-more-resignations-after-release-of-mandelson-whatsapp-messages-say-sources)  

---

[US officials of a making statements over the period of time which strongly suggests that they do not want to dissolve the special relationship, and which suggest that they heavily depend on access to British land from military operations.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHkrJgW/)  

Anyone still partoting lines which seek to coerce the public into thinking that we have been horrible terrible people by telling them no in one occasion (and it's a very limited no), his underestimating how important the relationship is to the US. You can have all the military assets you'd like, but land access makes things a lot harder or a lot easier dependent.  

We underestimate ourselves constantly.  

The United States military operates like an industry with a nuance supply chain, so it is heavily dependent on every single link in the chain functioning; several of those links can completely stop it in its tracks, which again should not be underestimated in the power that exists.  

---

i'm also just processing the reality that my university by refusing to cease and desist in terms of the embassy and also the MOD potentially, and by being extremely legally sensitive to the dates of the Epstein filetransfer releases the Mando tranne releases and the arrests of both Andrew and Mandelson, my data is currently at risk of being shared with that network including from my Mental Health team, because of the data partnerships that exist.  

I'm in a Palantir area, and there has already been loaded unfair information sharing within the universities disclosures anyway.  

To be absolutely clear to the outside world, I cannot go to the doctor or talk about anything including my childhood rape with mental health professionals without this going into the same data bucket as the university, and without this going into the same data bucket as the MOD, and no one will recognise my right to have sovereign custody of that data as a British Jew, separate from any memorandum of understanding with the state of Israel.  

I don't even think the word racism or discrimination covers that.  

What I don't need to hear in this moment, even though I understand completely that my experience of racism as a very pale white passing Jew is not going to be the same as the level of racism experiencing day-to-day life by the vast majority of people who experienced it, but I do not need to hear is that discrimination against Jews does not exist that antisemitism doesn't exist all that there is not anti-Jewish sentiment in the British public system or the British Parliament.  

Regardless of how this happened, something that we need to be really clear about is that this is only possible because the system exists in the way that it exists.  

Because the mental health data bridge also would've hopped to the CPS, this give the data infrastructure bridge in order to access every single last detail every shred of testimony that I gave in court.  

Something within UK defence has a decided they have ownership over me, and the state of Israel itself is already fairly open about how it feels regarding its right to control Jews everywhere.  

Zionism is racism; I would not be facing this reality, if I were not Jewish, and this was started far before I said anything about Palestine, so do not tell me that it is about my political choices because it is about other peoples' choices to abuse their power.  

You know, I expect it from the state of Israel, but I did not necessarily expect to what extent British men and women would show just how fucking racist they are.  

I live in a high reform uptake area. I live in a high surveillance high PREVENT area.  

I never want to live here again once I escape it.  

None of my healthcare is safe to access care. No provision is safe from the council or social care, because of the data infrastructure that exists. I can only access any government services if I anticipate and expect that both the MOD and the state of Israel have complete access to those interactions, and given how the entire game is to neutralise my voice because the state of Israel is governed as a fascist fucking regime, this does present some challenges.  

It is more of a sadness than an anger, if I'm truly honest about it, but I used to have electronic interference that was almost loading me to cry so I have such a barrier up to expressing sadness that I can't express it as anything other than anger right now. This is why I need safety. My government has denied that anything is happening, because it would rather believe that the source of these problems can do no wrong.  

The state of Israel has had full access to every facet of my rape trial, and now it makes a lot more sense why my victim impact statement read as it did, and why all of the attempts to give a supplementary victim statement have disappeared off the fucking planet, as far as the CPS is concerned.  

My country sold my rape story to its ally. That ally then used it as a  narrative pretext for genocide.  

My country still tells me that it gives a shit about Jews.  

I am  looking forward to waking up from this nightmare.  

---

Punishing the current Cabinet only for what is happened in Britain as a result of any Epstein connections is missing the point:  

The Epstein files cover multiple governments. Any involvement shows decades of ill-gotten gain and decades of state tolerance of those networks.  

Britain has done this in its own country and territory, and in countries and territories across the world, for centuries. If you say you are offended by anyone having a problem with the imperial aspect of our country, what the fuck do you have to say to people like the survivors of the forced adoption scandal? We have treated humans as a resources and in particular we have treated children with distain and cruelty, for centuries. We have moved people as if they are just products on a shelf to move, not because it was necessary but for the interests of imperialism. If you're soft little feelings can be hurt over what somebody says or does about the flag of your country, how do you think it feels to be used as a product rather than seen as a person?  

[You are all more bothered and more moved to do anything about a fucking flag, then you are about any actual real violence against people.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHkbmNU/)  

it is exhausting and it is disgusting.  

---

[This is a good start to at least acknowledging the harms to society by the number of women murdered every year, in essence for being women.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHk7goG/)  

We need to restructure something fundamental about our society. There is a lot of work to do.  

---

[This is also a good start acknowledging the need to investigate Hind Raaj's murder as a potential war crime, which has not been investigated so far on those terms, but must be acknowledged that this is the first forays into justice.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHk9sb9/)  

---

[Have you noticed something about the general gender split? Men go out of march about 500 men in an army camp, and women try and make sure that they've got enough to survive and try to help integrate them into society?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHkxE38/)  

We always pick up your shit.  

[Men can resist, and men have resisted, and sensible men will always be part of the resistance wherever there is one.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHk5StQ/)  

If the best shot you have a feeling powerful is to control people on the basis that you are told that they are lesser than you, you are being played by a bigger man; your freedom lies with the majority who seek it, not the minority who tell you to go and yell at other people.  

---

I'm now getting a run of policing memes, "out of nowhere".  

The shared keywords are fairly targeted and personal.  

I don't really care if this is accidental at this point, because it reads it's harassment. I'm aware that it doesn't necessarily have to come from anyone in the police, just any party who wanted a higher tier outcome.  

Ofc I've reported this, to several different places. Please see above re larger stakeholders.  

([I am not engaging with this content. This is meme number 3.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHBFXPU/) [Number 4.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHSoKVG/))  

If you are wondering why I am more suspicious than reassured, please see above; I have zero evidence to suggest that any safety will ever be acheived, and I have cPTSD – my brain is simply not able to invest in the idea that I would be allowed to be safe, and I can't seek NHS help for that, because there is a blanket refusal to prevent the embassy/MOD/whoever access of that data.  

There is no safe place.  

---

I like how we're going through this pattern where when I served a cluster of notices of evidence preservation all in one go, I am now receiving one response a day. It's almost as if there is a shared data processor which exists. 🤣🤣🤣  

I also don't care if this ends up turning out to be some sort of internal UK security or defence that I haven't already mentioned, I really just wanted to stop, so I keep pinging these emails back because frankly they do come to me in a way, which is not fitting of a response because it either doesn't make sense or it is extremely legally defensive. The Cabinet Office response today, for example, cannot do English grammar well enough in either the current response or the prior one that they had given me, to the extent where it is not entirely clear what they mean, and if data is held or not held.  

Now, I don't know about you, but when somebody literally can't put good enough English together at that level of government, and won't answer the question of how they have assessed whether or not the search was reasonable and proportionate, and have not engaged in any further safety netting whether there is a clear data security issue, that to me just rings really loud alarm bells that may be there is a question to answer regarding data security.  

Of we are gonna play games, can I please ask whoever is doing this, can at least speak and write in my language, at least enough that it is clear whether or not an answer is in the positive or the negative?  

The Cabinet Office is part of the civil service; I don't understand why these responses would return nonsense, unless you were using an LLM. In which case the LLM would now be broken to the point of legal risk.  

---

[This is the best summary of the issues that I've seen with the Mandelson files.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHSv1DH/)  

---

Just a thought, I've noticed that all of a sudden we are not talking about the possibility of religious extremism in the US government or in the Israeli government, so I am wondering if this is a super injunction or if this is legal threats or if this is just simply that it didn't play out very well?  

Not reporting on those realities, does not change the fact that those are too very religiously motivated regimes, and so even when the very head of each government may not themselves be motivated by religious extremism as as much as anyone else around them, it does not change the environment that they are in. it might make the immediate bargaining tools that are most helpful other incentive items like the price of oil, but ultimately it does not change the fact that there are significant numbers of people around them in government with substantial power, that genuinely believe that they have absolute entitlement to large parts of land in the region of the world without currently conducting an extremely expensive military assault.  

These people will do more than waste your money on lobster tails, they will pour every little bit of your money into triggering the End of Times.  


---

[This video appearing to show Benjamin Netanyahu was extremely strange.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHSTmfn/)  

I was trying to work out why he looked like he had a haircut that somehow changed the top of his head, managed to have quite that much work done in such a short period of time to his neck and face, and why his body was moving differently to usual. This is because I am a nerd and I overthink things, and I was training to be a doctor. So sometimes I automatically watch people in that way when something seems off, because my brain is trying to problems solve, right?  

I think the suggestion in the comments about that video potentially being AI generated or enhanced is probably more reasonable. 🤣🤣🤣🤣  

Does anyone know why this might have been done? This seems like a really odd tactical choice at this point of an information war.  

(Actually now that I've watched the mouth moving during speaking, that is very AI-y.)  

I don't know if this is supposed to be somehow making messaging easier for the Israeli military, or if this is to keep a consistency or if this is to see if anyone notices for future planning, I'm genuinely unsure. It just is quite noticeable, especially when Netanyahu has been quite visibly not in the peak of his own health, in the last 12-18 months.  

---

The Cabinet Office have categorically refused to fulfil the article under the FOIA regarding reasonable and proportionate searches.  

They've also refused to comment on anything regarding safety editing for the security issue.  

As this is regarding a very specific FOI that they refused with a SAR that they say they have no data, but cannot confirm search methodology for, this will essentially be forced by process into a longer time period for the next step of the government process.  

Cabinet Office have not clearly stated whether or not they will follow the preservation of evidence notice or not. This is in the context of handing in clear evidence that of the draft work for this repo ended it becoming a proposed change in policy under Morgan McSweeney's tenure.  

Labour Together weren't exactly name for being above the belt.  

It is quite fun in a matter of speaking to watch people you have used their power in this way take things to such an extent that they are trying to use every available level of governance to avoid accountability or to delay the inevitable.  

"We will not respond to any further emails in this regard."  

This is why I hate white men who use Jewish women's safety as a talking point, on a deeply personal level.  

There is definitely evidence that some of what I reported in the summer did get some action, because we got updates about prompt-injection, for example. The law firm that refused me was given an ice big chunky case from the government shortly afterwards. Andrew lost his prince title around this time, too. But none of this made me safer.  

I've written 2.5 million words now.  

I will keep writing until I escape or until I die – whichever comes first.  

(That's not a disclosure of feeling suicidal, it's just acknowledging how fucking slow British bureaucracy is, and how unwilling the British state is to admit to any remorse. 🙄)  

I'm finding it difficult to understand why giving a very simple answer about sourcing (because it would be normal for you to read something online, just a little abnormal two I've seen it come out of a government-contract-linked system, and to use it to update policy), is being treated like I'm being unreasonable. If there was nothing captured by a preservation of evidence, I don't see why I'd get a response about it. If you're confident you don't have any data, usually just end up going, "lol, okay", and doing the admin task.  
In the context of what else the Cabinet Office is potentially involved in over the last few years, I don't think it's an answer is anywhere close to adequate in the context. If it's being given in order to force it into the ICO pipeline, that would be acceptable under normal conditions, but I've already given clear evidence as to why the risk profile is different in this case.  

Given the level of access you would need with the CPS in order to even get ordinary access to know that my case existed as being a Jewish female victim rape case, would we like me to take a shot in the dark at what feels very uncomfortable about this?  

---

[First UK disclosure, re Epstein funding research, which can then be used in the context of control and coercion.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHDu3qQ/)  

This is actually one of those good examples of a university turning around and going, "fuck no we don't take nonce cash".  

---

> "Me souhaitez pas bonne fête,  
> Ou alors souhaitez le aussi aux femmes;  
> Qui ont mordu l'sol ou qui ont morflé,  
> Celles sous morphine,  
> Qui verront pas Morphée.  
> Celles qui ont croisé le carrosse, et pas la bonne fée.  
> Elle a porté une jupe. 
> On l'a boxée.  
> On l'a embauchée juste. 
> Pour ses bonnes fesses.  
> Dans l'bus on l'a frottée.  
> Non ne me souhaitez pas bonne fête,  
> Me souhaitez pas bonne fête.  
> J'ai vu le nombre de #metoo j'ai lu de sombres éditos,  
> Croisé des bandes de mythos.  
> Toi à 16 ans privée de Wiko?  
> Elle a 6 ans privée de clito.  
> Synopsis: elle errait de nuit si jo-si jolie. 
> Le monde est miso, la musique aussi
Syllo-syllogisme...  
> Rend l'argent mais rend d'abord les 20%.  
> Il me traite de pute parce que je l'ai repoussé.  
> Les mentalités faut qu'on se batte pour ça:  
> Une main par-ci, un cri perçant.  
> Les publicités ne choquent plus personne,  
> Tant que pour convaincre on utilise une paire de seins.  
> Le bonheur des femmes et le liquide vaisselle,  
> Sont syno-synonymes.  
> J'ai cramé depuis mes premiers Ratus;  
> Le masculin l'emporte sur mes ratures.  
> Dieu a dit que nous tenteras tous –  
> Tu auras l'interdiction de nous montrer tes rotules.  
> Oh, tu sais chez nous elles sont matées à l'acide –  
> Le lynchage est massif quand la danse est lascive.  
> 8 ans et mariée tu connais la suite:
> Vite au, vite au lit.

*Pas assez votre haine.*  

> Но я живой, живой, моя Катюша —  
> Назло врагам, предателям на зависть.  
> Чтоб ни сказали — ничего не слушай.  
> Мол, я погиб, им показалось.  

---

Two hours after the Cabinet Office refused to do anything about the fact that there appears to be a similar crossover of data there, as has been in the league of my rape records, the NHS tells me I have forgotten about my cervix.  

I thought this technology was supposed to be intelligent?  

Given that we already have a digital ID in the government digital space, this would suggest that it might be backfiring. Women will not want this.  

(Does that mean the men will get their prostate checks the day after they look at that sort of porn?)  

---  

Given how badly the narrative warfare is playing out from a British military perspective, I have to wonder whether or not we actually commit any resources to that.  

---

[🇺🇸/🇬🇧/🇮🇷: Does the West actually understand what we are now standing in, because Stryker just got taken down? Do any of you understand quite how much Iran can fuck you up?](https://cybersecuritynews.com/stryker-cyber-attack/)  

I'm really not convinced that we've fully taken on board how much the information warfare piece is a huge fucking deal here.  


I'm not saying that in the context either go to war or don't go to war, I'm literally talking about capabilities and understanding, and being able to plan around that as a real battlefield that you have to take account of.  

Respectfully, the IRGC is showing that it understands how to topple your governments. It knows what the weak points are, and clearly understands where it needs to target in order to weaken population cohesion.  

The fact that there is not a more obvious protective edge is a little unsettling.  

[Putting this off is not sensible. This doesn't just have the capacity to down the NHS, it has the capacity to down companies, down banks, I essentially take out the entire tax, revenue, and works system.](https://www.firstpost.com/explainers/iran-linked-cyberattack-stryker-corporation-wiper-malware-explained-13988637.html)  

---

[Regarding this: "Suspect in Michigan synagogue attack had lost family in Israeli strike on Lebanon"](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2026/mar/13/suspect-michigan-synagogue-attack-lost-family-lebanon)  
May everyone's memories be a blessing in this story; I'm still processing it, and also I think this is another situation where we have to be very careful in recognising that several things can be true at once.  

Everyone should be allowed to be safe, including the Jewish community in Michigan, including the entirety of the population of Lebanon.  

This is happening at the same time that Israel Katz, not only pardoned the five rapists masquandering as soldiers, for whom there was pretty robust evidence of rape with greivous bodily harm of a Palestinian man in detention, but Israel Katz also announced the size of the deployment to the Israel-Lebanon border, making an Israeli invasion of southern Lebanon unfortunately quite likely.  

The cycles of violence keep leaping onto themselves, and unfortunately I don't think we can trust any overinflated men in power, regardless of who they are, or where they are from, to deliver us safety. I think this is a day in a long line of days where we are let down by power, and only once we metabolise that, can we address the wider tangles.  

Be wary of anyone who uses this moment to argue for more bombs.  

---

🕯️🕯️  

---

["For Black Women UK have drawn attention to a troubling pattern across the UK, where missing Black women are later discovered in water, sparking urgent questions from families and communities."](https://www.theshadeborough.com/latest/for-black-women-uk-disturbing-pattern-black-women-discovered-water)  
The Met used to have a unit for patterning high-risk violence against women. [This patterning was available prior to AI models becoming widespread.](https://youtu.be/JrvWPGRnUwk?si=1CCO1Nn1bqa6ltNe)  

Black communities in the UK have raised concerns repeatedly, which have been substantiated repeatedly, regarding our bias for dismissing and normalising violence against black women and girls. There have been previous concerns that patterns and suspicions are not acted upon quickly enough.  

[From the shout out by Ani.Says (also produces content for The Canary)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHfwggg/)  

---

["Asked when Iran war will end, Trump responds, ‘When I feel it in my bones’"](https://www.timesofisrael.com/liveblog_entry/asked-when-iran-war-will-end-trump-responds-when-i-feel-it-in-my-bones/)  

Even ToI is done with his shit.  

Also, Medinat Israel's Defence Minister just casually planning some war crimes: "Katz threatens to destroy infrastructure as 'price' of Lebanon not disarming Hezbollah... It was Katz’s second warning in as many days for the Lebanese government, which has called on Hezbollah to lay down its weapons and made efforts to disarm the group. On Thursday, Katz told the Lebanese government that if it doesn’t prevent Hezbollah from firing missiles at Israel, Israel 'will take the territory and do it ourselves.'"  

He is starting a narrative around taking Lebanon, whoch is consistant with Likud's "Greater Israel" fantasy, just as Hegseth would love to "put boots on the ground" in Iran, to "recapture" the Ancient Persian Empire. The Gulf States sit in the middle, and Palestinians are either locked in a concentration camp wothout food, or suffering violent annexation.  

I appreciate that the Iranian regieme, despite claiming to be anti-imperialist, is behaving as an authoritarian regieme. I'm just also very mindful that these other two sides of the authoritarian clusterfuck of a triangle are also both fascistic entities.  

Tbf, the regieme scrapes being fascist due to technicality only, so essentially we have a fascist triangle.  

This was all ridiculously avoidable.  

---

[I remember when Luke Akehurst made it very clear to us all that his entire understanding of Jewish culture (not Ashkenazi culture specifically, Jewish culture as a whole), could be boiled down to matzo ball soup and occasionally going to this thing called "shul", if it wasn't for Israel in its exact current form, with a Likud government, and a type of neo-revisionist Zionism. He runs a company for a particular intersection of PR, Israel, and arms, and has been seen wearing a T-shirt saying "Proud Zionist". He is not Jewish. He is a however benefiting financially from the entire apparatus which encourages Jews to move out of the UK, and to Medinat Israel, and to enter into forever wars on behalf of the West. There is also a genocide going on, and we have commitments with the ICJ and the ICC.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH51ffJ/)  

To assume that all Jewish people would want this petition, is to say that all Jews have dual state loyalties, and as British Jews have faced this accusation over a long period of time, to suggest so is deeply antisemitic, and this is codified under the principles of the IHRA. If you are going to adopt a definition of anti-Jewish hatred, can you please be consistent?  

The IHRA allow us for legitimate criticism of the State of Israel. It has never actually not allowed for legitimate criticism of the State of Israel, although some people have chosen to take a very absolute approach, how much the disadvantage of British Jewry and much to the disadvantage of Jews everywhere, because it prevents Palestinians from being able to have honest conversation conversations about their own experience and their own struggle, and it perpetuates therefore the cycle of violence.  

Christian Zionism is not a neutral ideology, even if we were to only focus on the Jewish population part of it; Christian Zionism is based on extremely racialised beliefs, shares a history with the "Son of Ham" ideology which essentially used the garb of spirituality to justify chattel slavery, and locks or Jewish people in the diaspora into a position of either needing to actively be part of the apparatus of migration, or to migrate. Therefore, the ideology itself is rooted in believing that ethnic cleansing has a religious basis. This is using spirituality and religion to justify genocide. If you take it to its end point, and obviously everyone exists on a spectrum so this would be the most extreme, there are lots of Christians ironists who believe in moving all the Jews to Jerusalem, basically nuking us, all to start the Rapture. This is an ideology that literally believes that a holocaust in the original meaning of the word, needs to happen using Jewish lives, and that specifically mankind can take actions to hasten this occurrence.  

The warning signs were when they started taking dinosaurs out of textbooks. There have been lots of warning signs, it's just been something that not everyone has been seeing.  

I'm not necessarily saying that this individual beliefs in that extremity of religious Zionism, but the way in which this person talks about it, it would seem that there is either a significant financial interest, and/or a significant religious ideology going on. I would genuinely like to be proved wrong, because he's snuck into a very safe seat during the election, and the way which he spoke about Jewish culture was really quite degrading. When people like this speak about what antisemitism is or is not, and only ever do it around the state itself and never really defend Jewish people, it just makes my skin crawl. Perhaps he has defended Jewish people in another context, perhaps he has done good things – I don't know. I was never actually a massive Corbyn-head but something that always sticks out to me is that Corbyn supported and defended a chevra kadisha going to court to ensure the continuation of our traditions at the end of life. To me, I would rather have somebody who I might not see eye to eye with on every single part of the context and the meaning of anti-Jewish bigotry, but was actually prepared to do risky things and support keeping Judaism alive, in the place which is our home.  

Over the last 10 years has been a real push to institutionalise a definition which only really seeks to preserve a very specific image of the state, rather than actually protect the state that other people might want to imagine being there, or to protect Jewish people in our homeland. If you are not actively protecting Jewish people wherever they live, and only protecting us when we migrate to a very specific place in the world, what you are doing is not "protecting the Jews".  

The extremely difficult and sad thing about this whole mess, is that in the vast major majority of cases, the people who would be being asked for further transparency and accountability if this petition continued, would be people who are not Jewish. Anyone covering this petition and the debate that follows, would it be advised to be very clear cut about criticising the state itself or criticising the lobby for the industries of that state. It's not a secret that Israel has a very specific arms and occupation technology setup industrially. This is why even just avoiding using the word Israel and calling it the state of Israel is helpful rhetorical use of English, because it helps to further affirm to Jewish people who are watching this and who are a bit scared in general, that it is the legal set up and it is the transparency element and it is the accountability and it is the way in which largely white British men who are not Jewish, seek to do business through this mechanism to avoid specific business ethics frameworks, in not a similar way to using offshore funds in order to avoid tax.  
This makes it a lot easier for everyone who is then in the Jewish community middle ground to have the conversations that you might not see, to start talking about whether or not we still always want to be held hostage by this very specific political and economic system.  

To help explain to other Jewish people who might not be as comfortable with this criticism, I want to share something that was said by this individual, and which rings alarm bells for Palestinians when they read it. This is from someone who has always maintained that the actions that have come out of Gaza were proportionate and reasonable. this is why many people who are either British Palestinian or Palestinian find it extremely difficult to trust when people are talking about two-state solutions, because they often hear rhetoric like this, and then they see which actions are being supported towards their own families and communities in Palestine, under a military occupation.  

I don't think it's unfair to say that if somebody was doing the same to us, or if you replace the word "Palestinian" with "Jewish", it would be very easy to see why that approach would start to anger us over over time (and quite rightly so).  

> "Part of the problem is that the debate around the Middle East gets very polarised, and people assume the worst of those ‘on the other side of it’. I was running a pro-Israel organisation; that’s where my instincts, sympathies, and thought-through political beliefs are. But when I sit down with people who are pro-Palestinian I often find both believe in a two-state solution, both want the killing to stop, and both know people on both sides suffering. My positioning is consistent with what the Labour Party has put in its manifesto, and the organisation I ran is a pro-two-state solution organisation."
> [(Source)](https://www.chroniclelive.co.uk/news/north-east-news/who-luke-akehurst-meet-new-29480464)


---
