Monday is the last day for the data processor's version of events to legally make any sense in the slightest.  

My body is, accordingly, having a weekend of PTSD but with added adrenaline, norad, abd cortisol.  

I am spending a lot of time managing this; please bear with.  

---

Regarding any potential underlyong infrastructure re infectious disease outbreaks in the UK:  

- [A lot of large SSL + AI stack tech companies are optimised for profit for health insurers, and accept "collateral" costing into defence algorithms.](https://youtu.be/DZ95Gmvg_D4?si=z-jxvb1WiKM1pA-1) Think about it, because mathematical equations just do what they are told. "Denials management" is, indeed, the actual phrase. Your "complicated" presentation? The equation recognises it just as it would fraud, and treats both accordingly.  
- There are already cases in France. Kent - Dover - Calais is not being mentioned in media as a potential route of transmission. That is odd not to rule out in public. This suggests leadership from a systems management first point of view.
- The BMA is the dictor's union, the GMC the regulator. [The BMA took a stance against AI workflows previously](https://www.bma.org.uk/bma-media-centre/arm-2025-bma-passes-resolution-on-health-information-management-and-information-technology), [particularly for medicolegal sensitive elements](https://www.bmj.com/content/392/bmj.s246). [The current government continues to push the KPMG-assisted transformation, regardless.](https://goodlawproject.org/campaign/stop-palantir-in-the-nhs/) This is your doctors trying to protect your healthcare access and your healthcare data. [Apparantly, it is the doctors being a bunch of commies.](https://www.pulsetoday.co.uk/news/technology/palantir-accuses-bma-of-choosing-ideology-over-patient-interest-amid-nhs-data-row/) Bro, I wish.
- The public messaging here is *substantially* different from previous meningitis outbreaks... Do none of you remember? But it is also extremely differently styled to previous infectious disease outbreaks. Whilst this may be UKHSA-led, it does suggest something significant has changed in the meantime, and there is not yet formal ratification of the Covid inquiry in such a way that would support this as the origin.
- This is acting as a "second chance" for the core privatised health contracts of the Covid period, which comes at a time where fair and level scrutiny should be prioritised, if acting in the spirit of empirical evidence to inform best clinical practice.

Just be aware of the cultural soup we are in.  

A simple journalistic exercise would be to ask retired public health consultants if the actions currently, met the national guidelines. no one has done this.  

None of this replaces the necessity of vaccination and antibiotics, but can be done in concert, as long as clear messaging is held. These are just sensible actions to act to hold public ibstitutions accountable in journalistic questioning of officials. There is an appropriate balance.  

Also if we look like we're going to sign over another 9 figure contract in the next 6 months, we will be glad to have set the tone now for transparency and accountability.  

I want to make it really clear that I'm not criticising incident management in and of itself, as an EBM issue. I'm noticing a lack of holism: it looks like whatever is driving incident management is following the guidelines like a robot, and nationallh a lot of the human element does not feel "healthcare worker led".  

We did so much for sepsis awareness and meningitis awareness in the past, and currently that communication is mostly from doctors' own social media messaging, which moves a huge degree of rusk from institutions to individuals, rather unfairly.  

It is also not unreasonable to use AI in targeted ways for incodents like these, but our health and our lives are that of humans, and we need a human touch *led by the healthcare professionals*, not an AI and not solely from politicians.  

[The UKHSA itself has given communications before that fit more into this "human-centred" category, and have been recently checked for accuracy by the look of the metadata, and which do carry over into the current outbreak. These articles are not being seen duevto the impact of the current press releases overriding the SEO of these older articles, which are useful.](https://ukhsa.blog.gov.uk/2025/10/31/what-is-meningitis-symptoms-risks-and-how-to-protect-yourself/)  

All government authorities are staffed by real people, and their work, including their communications, should not necessarily be "overruled" by current AI choices. There is a way to have harmony between people and SaaS.   

---

Lads in the centroid: I'm going to need any of you who are trying to push the 50 Shades side of booktok to take your chick lit elsewhere, thanks.  

Please see above notice re PTSD.  

It is fundamentally unreasonable to push imagery of women being strangled "with love" rn.  

There's been multiple in a row. Go read your girl books elsewhere.  

---

If you lot have to bring your politics with you...  

You know how it goes.  

[🇬🇧: Presumably when he's yapping about the two great wars defended at great cost with blood, he means those two wars where 2.5 million soldiers were brought to fight in Europe, from the Indian subcontinent, yeah?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxR3L4h/)  

Have any of you actually even looked up pictures of the place of extreme natural beauty that they left, to shack up here, on this damp little rock?  

Like, bruv...  

The Bengal famine also happened in 1943; Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh were squeezed dry, as were the colonial territories in Africa, in order to defend our little rocks over here.  

Have some fucking respect for who fucking died, mate.  

The Gurkha regiments cane from Nepal. The Carribean Regiment served *despite* how they were treated. Regiments were made up of soldiers from across east and west Africa, who served to defend us, some of whom had already been displaced from other imperial territories.  

Do you actually understand how much we relied on the people you are deriding now, to defend these damp little rocks?  

"The Conservative party let these people in"?  

Do you even know the fucking history of your own country?  

And then after those wars, when we had no labour left to give, we encouraged and supported the wholesale move, in some cases of entire communities, to this country, to do the shit we couldn't manage, to rebuilt this place from the rubble of the Blitz.  

But you have a problem, with these people upu are all lumping into one category, because..what?  

They upstaged you at praying?  

If they want to "dominate" me by getting on their hands and knees, the Reform lads can be my guests.  

I'm going to need your foreheads less than 3 mm from the floor. Dw, I'll bring a ruler.  

Every Jewish person in Britain needs to clock that he labelled us the "good immigrants", in this speech – he is screaming that our proximity to "whiteness" is conditional, it can be moved and removed at will, and honestly if that wasn't a good enough excuse to get the Breslov crew down to Parliament Square, I don't know what is.  

He's saying it's okay right now to be Jewish, as long as it isn't "too Jewish" for him, and nothing should make your wear your Judaism more loudly than this ridiculous scaremongering.  

We are stronger *in community* with everyone else who is marginalised in this way, bot by ourselves trying to appease people like this.  

The time to be quiet is *not now*.  

Now is the time to remember how lions truly roar.  

It is not Palestinians and their allies who are our enemy in being racialised – it is men who position themselves as saviours of the white race.  

[And the reason they think the call to pray sounds weird, is the same reason they do that weird chintzy music when Fagin or Shylock enters stage right. Don't join in; this encourages the same behaviours that lead to the most lethal forms of antisemitism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRxRVsd2/)  

Remember who the fuck you are.  

And we do know why we're all even talking about this, yes?  

So we don't talk about Epstein, or Mandleson, or Starmer, or Palantir, or AI, or Parliamentary oversight.  

Because that's what this conversation has overshadowed.  

Why is the slt right so scared of us having that conversation in this country?  
Should be an open goal, as long as you did not and do not benefit from the whole arrangement.  

---

Re that fluffy company you all want to see further embedded into the NHS:  

> "In fact, key city council members and attorneys contacted by The Verge had no idea that the city had any sort of relationship with Palantir, nor were they aware that Palantir used its program in New Orleans to market its services to another law enforcement agency for a multimillion-dollar contract.  
> 
> Even James Carville, the political operative instrumental in bringing about Palantir’s collaboration with NOPD, said that the program was not public knowledge. “No one in New Orleans even knows about this, to my knowledge,” Carville said.  
> 
> More than half a decade after the partnership with New Orleans began, Palantir has patented at least one crime-forecasting system and has sold similar software to foreign intelligence services for predicting the likelihood of individuals to commit terrorism.  
> 
> Even within the law enforcement community, there are concerns about the potential civil liberties implications of the sort of individualized prediction Palantir developed in New Orleans, and whether it’s appropriate for the American criminal justice system."
>
> [Source](https://www.theverge.com/2018/2/27/17054740/palantir-predictive-policing-tool-new-orleans-nopd), cited in Zuboff's *The Age Of Surveillance Capitalism*. [Post-reporting by ACLU](https://www.aclu.org/news/privacy-technology/new-orleans-program-offers-lessons-pitfalls-predictive-policing).

If US policing is uncomfortable with the civil liberties impact, that's a fair test that *there may have been a civil liberties impact*.  

Blair met Oracle's Ellison the year before Palantir incorporated. Thiel is the social bridge. This was back in the days of, "cash for questions".  

Given the overlaps between the recent US DoJ releases and the current contract performance and how intergration of the UK frankenstack (isn't) going, it would be really nice if we considered revisiting this, and go beyond just Starmer and Mandelson.  

The year that Andrew did *that* interview, a piece of legislation was passed in Parliament which gave broad private surveillance powers to anyone with the resource to do so in the UK, essentially overriding every recommendation on the inquiries into institutional grooming cases in the UK. This was brought in under concern over the rise of the EDL, and allongside the symptoms of microniching appearing for the first time in the UK, for the Brexit referendum.  

Cambridge Analytica was never subject to inquiry, despite known KGB interest. Pegasus was never actioned, and even the US actioned the leak in their own country.  

The problem isn't Muslims. The problem isn't asylum seekers or migrants to the UK.  

The problem is corporate surveillance using those powers to extract more from the UK than ever before.  

The problem is whoever lobbied for an Act that prevented any actions to protect children from grooming.  

The problem is the Epstein class.  

Whatever Mandelson did or did not share regarding the economic crash, and if the PM did or did not vet him, and whether the RAF did or did not give Andrew runway use, are all small parts of a more bigger whole.  

These questions do not fix the problem.  
They scratch the surface.  

Why would we trust the network of a child sex trafficker, to deliver on child sex trafficking?  

Why did we give them so much access to the data and lives of vulnerable people, including children?  

---

<!--Is the feed repeating old narratives, because you do not know what the ant wants?-->

---

Wait.  

If all of this AI stuff works...  

How did you all miss Al-Aqsa Flood?  

How was that a surprise event?  

Surely you must have seen *something*?  

---
