Posted one sentence on LinkedIn. Immediate and total dashboard interference.  

1. How is one girl this scary to you?
2. How much is this costing?
3. Is it not time to accept that if this degree of control is needed, the apartheid part of the state itself is no longer viable?  

---

I also just want to clarify for any parties that are going back through my posts, cause I think that is what is happening, is that I have never posted a piece of personal information where it was not public domain on a reasonably visible source; there is one post in particular that kind of freaks me out how many views it's got, but I have to be very clear that that was in that person's Wikipedia profile. It was very open knowledge. I'm not quite a complete dick I am sometimes painted out to be. A lot of one perhaps, but not a complete one.  

---

[🇬🇧: Apparently the exact same part of government who brushed Peter Mandelson's reputational risk aside, also completely brushed on one side Palantir's potential reputational risk.  The question around Mandelson's appointment isn't one of exception, it's consistency.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsJEDP/)  

Nepotism in politics has become very popular again in the last 20 years; we see this with the PPE VIP lines, and now we're seeing it with the core of health and defence data infrastructure.  

[Sky News has actually done a small section on the Federated Data Platform.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHpocNX/)  

There are lots of problems with amalgamating data like this, and whilst this looks like a very attractive one company solution to that problem, the service is arguably not fit for the task. It is not surprising that there are fatal targeting issues in its defence context, and it's not surprising that in Palantir areas, there seems to be increasing disparity between people who are racialised; it is trained in areas with a greater racial profiling difference.  


A platform using AI is only as good as the data you feed into it, which in the NHS has not been fixed due to lack of resources to do so, and is only as good as what you train it to do, and this platform is being trained in places where they have forms of secret police or a military occupation based on perceived racial differences.  

In this regard, the Conservatives brought in a apartheid product to our country, and Labour continued it.  

Neither party and neither set of individuals wants to declare any vested interests, but we do need to anticipate that those may be present.  
The 2024 election had a lot of microniching, and before Reform UK gets too impressed with itself, we know there's something AI driving your stuff too, and it's something very personalised and modelling actual people. So you lot can calm doon.  

Politicians are often hired from a very specific background, and we are not getting good representation of people from a mix of backgrounds and a mix of careers in Parliament, this means that politicians are often in a position where they are accepting deals on products that most people would not want to work with in government, and this has been a way of taking money out of the taxpayer system in order to siphon off under the banner of "privatisation".  

An asylum seeker in this country is currently being asked to potentially go up to A-level English, but politicians don't actually require any degree of English literacy, nor do they need to understand any degree of maths literacy, they don't need to understand how the laws work - so they don't actually need to understand where the bounds of consent are, they don't receive any training on even the equality and diversity portion of the law so that they don't discriminate against other colleagues whilst in Parliament, and they don't have any IT knowledge from their job specifically. These are all training modules which government employees are expected to do every year like clockwork, but even basic things like safeguarding are not actually done by government ministers, they will only be done if their party organises it.  

In this context, how on earth do you expect there to be protection from corruption, or protection from bad behaviour, if there is literally no training at all?  

One of the strongest arguments that that could be used to defend the two men who've been arrested in February, is the fact that there is not necessarily that training being done.  
The way which the UK works is still on a system of gentlemen's agreement at a certain level, which is clearly not translating to good efficient governance. Gladstone was actually a very big proponent in his time of getting rid of systems of nepotism and getting rid of systems of favouritism, essentially as a way of making Whitehall to some degree efficient. It's not a secret that colonial  bureaucracy and civil service would be run in part by the people who are actually from the country that was occupied doing the vast majority of the work, and then white British rich people essentially being the figureheads at the top. All that has changed in their century is the fact that they have come back to the UK, and now occupy those positions in our government, and this is what is slowing down the service – the service is not necessarily being slowed down by those individuals not doing their exact workload, but their decisions do not reflect necessarily what would actually work on the ground every day in our government services.  

Every single person who worked in some sort of government job is absolutely bone tired of having to re-organise and reshuffle every two or three years because some politician decides on something that really does not need to be said, and either represents their own private interest or their parties interest, or represents the fact that they needed a new policy to distract from something else going on in government.  

No company can survive that happening so regularly, so why do we expect government departments to survive it?  
Part of my own data story is wrapped up in the fact that we are a pilot area for practically every service going over to this company, so there either would be some degree of overall sighting of what's going on, or there is a question, asked about whether or not the search poisoning was impacting how that AI product worked, but I've received nothing from that company so far when I've requested data from them, in compliance with a SAR under the FOIA.  
If they don't respond to me, essentially I am left as a public citizen to go around every single contract and challenge it separately with the government department responsible for oversight, he is unlikely to introduce that level of scrutiny, because they're not seeing the full story.  

Everyone who I'm interacting with who appears to be in someway tight to this company is incredibly legally defensive and is not able to appropriately answer the questions around their data.  

The entire House of Commons need to start being honest about any conflicts of interest that they have with this company, because it doesn't just look bipartisan it looks like it's spread to quite a lot of the House.  

This is actually one of those rare situations we're having a system of hereditary period is weirdly protective, because they are usually rich enough and connected enough to be reasonably uninterested in anything that company like this could offer them.  

If we want to be very direct, somehow as a Jew who does transparency democracy work (therefore considered a terrorist in domestic Israeli law, but not here), every platform from my rape case has somehow been leaked into the public domain, and no government department wants to challenge it, cabinet feel very unable to challenge it, and every service that has been leaked from is under a Palantir contract.  

Is it at all possible that there might be a problem with the interface of health and defence in this country, being connected with other foreign military, and could that potentially impact individual citizens?  

Is it potentially possible that all that anyone external needed to do in order to worsen my life experience was to search poison the larger Internet platforms, because the entire system essentially works on a social credit score? (You know, that thing we keep saying that Chinese citizens have.)  

You think I'm the only example?  

I'm just one of the only ones who is enough of a nerd to sit and get the paperwork over months and months and months, whilst every part of my life is brought into the open, ripped apart, and exposed. Most people do not have that level of determination in that specific area. Most people are more normal.  

I know there is probably other use in research and development somewhere, but this is one of the main problems, and it essentially prevents me from even accessing private services. The reason it will be hitting me harder is because I do a very specific type of democratic engagement that is considered highly illegal under the occupation but not here. The data systems are not contained from one another, so my terroristic status leaks across borders.  

I can look at things in the last ten years or so, and tell you what is most likely to be the bargaining chip that they have, which is essentially keeping people who should know better, from exercising appropriate oversight.  

I can also tell you there's been other whistleblowers, so whilst they may be hesitant to talk at this time, they should be able to in theory.  
It's genuinely quite difficult to see what part of these contracts could not be done to a better level in-house, subject to that funding actually being made available. That funding has never been made available. But we have given millions to external private companies, who need to male profit and not just zero the balance sheet.  

...okay.  

---

[How has Rudy's impersonation of Trump gotten this good?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHpvaqn/)  

---

Anticipating the first type of media response for any ministerial failure, is to say that getting rid of one person never changes a system.  

If our problems are this deeply ingrained, and this is how bad it's gotten over the last decade, it's actually more helpful to us if the people in charge or sufficiently humiliated by their actions or their involvement, such that they are actually willing to change the system and to try and win back public opinion; getting someone new who is more popular is the move the oligarchy would make to protect and not disclose any further business dealings.  

If transparency and accountability in the country and in government are getting this bad, then until we have another election to form another government, it's actually more in our interest as people to have a government that is on the back foot and is looking to lobby for the public votes, because even the larger donors of political party money understand that the core votes are actually necessary.  

There are a multitude of reasons why any of our cabinet ministers over the decades could've been asked to stand down, and this really comes down in this moment to, "what do you want to have to work with?", at this precise moment in time.  

Is it really worth doing anything very drastic, and in some cases, is it actually more useful to us as the demos that so much of the elected house in Parliament is implicated, because now they have to fight for our votes?  

Open question.  

The transparency piece will only be elucidated upon by bringing out all of the paperwork and going through all of the boring procedure, and to be honest if you really want to personally nail these people to the wall, that is the process that they hate the most. You can see it during the Covid inquiry sittings with Boris Johnson. He's clearly so fucked off that he's even there. It may not be emotionally immediately satisfying, but if you want to really get the transparency piece, this does dovetail with putting the same ministers and the same MPs through a process which they personally find to be so punishing to their own sense of ego, that mamy of them actually regard it as worse than stepping down.  

I'm not saying that any of these options is great, the actual best situation in my mind would be to have a more transformative justice process, but this is what we have in this country: violence by bureaucracy.  

If we keep the system, the demos need to learn how to mirror what is directed towards us; if violence is done from the top, the bottom need to learn to mirror rather than absorb.  

Anticipating that someone somewhere is going to be very confused by this, given the audience that I have, and given the amount of times that I keep telling you all that for me personally I have made the choice to be broadly non-violent in my resistance:  

I am not saying that we should go out and commit violence and provoked, I am saying that the average everyday people in this country, have a significant amount of violence projected at them which is not immediately obvious as violence, and it is in their best interests to defend themselves and their children and their communities.  

Just because I'm "nonviolent" doesn't mean I won't hit you back if you hit me first and I need to escape you. That's just survival. No one has to just stand there and take the hits.  

Also, violence sounds very tiring in a way that I would be unable to achieve for a sustained period of time; my "violence" is best done through spreadsheets. it is three conversations like this that we get into the conversation of what actually counts violence against or from the state, which is a conversation that is often so police to the point you can't even discuss it.  

Personally, I think anything which exists is a root cause when we talk about childhood poverty and childhood undernutrition, is in fact violence against children. this problem absolutely could be completely erased as a concern, if we just decided to budget differently when it came to spends elsewhere in the state apparatus.  

---

[Plurality of voices exists for the first time, in Parliament, from rape survivors.](https://www.tiktok.com/@skynews/video/7617428214406860054)  

This is the start of what we are aiming for, because everyone will have differing experiences, and people using us as a rhetorical shield need to stfu.  

---

[🇮🇱/🇵🇸: An apartheid system of shelter availability amd usage is actually more normal than people think.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsPXN5/)  

Much as racism varies across the UK, the degree of this varies across the territory; everyone's experiences are going to be different.  

[Further collated written sources.](https://stewardshipreport.org/appalling-apartheid-israeli-shelters-deny-entry-to-arab-israelis/)  

[Bulletpoint factsheet re why we are calling it apartheid in this house.](https://cihrs.org/factsheet-israels-apartheid-regime-over-the-palestinian-people/?lang=en)  

[The BBC reported on the Amnesty International report regarding apartheid in 2022 after Sheikh Jarrah.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-60197918)  

[Applying the apartheid legal test to differing areas of the territory, as the system of borders and zoning creates putsider confusion.](https://www.palquest.org/en/highlight/34924/israel%E2%80%99s-apartheid-regime)  

[Denial of access to air raid shelters happened last time, too.](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/palestinians-jaffa-denied-access-bomb-shelter-israeli-neighbours) [Having to "make do" when there is shelter space, or the only obstacle is the illegal military occupation, is not ideal.](https://apnews.com/article/bedouin-homemade-bomb-shelters-war-mideast)  

[From Iron Dome to bomb shelters: How Israel's defence system is built to exclude its Palestinian citizens](https://www.newarab.com/news/how-israels-defence-system-built-exclude-palestinians)  

---

Now that you may be considering how communities can be systematically treated differently, [this is current news](https://www.theshadeborough.com/latest/body-discovered-believed-missing-keyan-student-london), [I've been updating previous stories](./20260313.md), so here is an update from a community-driven concern:  

> ["For Black Women UK have drawn attention to a troubling pattern across the UK, where missing Black women are later discovered in water, sparking urgent questions from families and communities."](https://www.theshadeborough.com/latest/for-black-women-uk-disturbing-pattern-black-women-discovered-water)
> 
> The Met used to have a unit for patterning high-risk violence against women. [This patterning was available prior to AI models becoming widespread.](https://youtu.be/JrvWPGRnUwk?si=1CCO1Nn1bqa6ltNe)
> 
> Black communities in the UK have raised concerns repeatedly, which have been substantiated repeatedly, regarding our bias for dismissing and normalising violence against black women and girls. There have been previous concerns that patterns and suspicions are not acted upon quickly enough.
>
> Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu covers this with reference to the current story, [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRH4j5wx/).
> 
> Chandonpapi expresses the frustration with apparant non-action [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHbQDLm/).
> 
> [Tanz also eloquently summarises why this is so disturbing to watch being ignored.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsrpkN/)
>
> [Kim ties directly to surveillance capitalism, with simple examples to show just how ridiculous this is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHtTrrf/)
>
> [This is the degree of concern that people are having, and if you can see it in the comments as well, and the BBC hasn't reported on it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnRcRJ/) that is very strange because a number of stories in the BBC have been driven by troller and scrape her content online, so the fact that it's not being reported looks like there's some sort of filter operating on what gets published, which is what might be stopping this story. Can the BBC fucking sort itself out, please? It's not "DEI" to not report on yet another death in a row of deaths that looks strange to the public; it's fucking weird to not report that.
>
> [You can see how much distress this is causing in how this news is shared, and in comments sections: example from The Bouncer Hub.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsHXu9/)  
> 
> [Story originally linked from the shout out by Ani.Says (also produces content for The Canary)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHfwggg/)  

I don't know why the British press is isn't even doing, "we are asking the question" style reporting, because even if these were not through external impacts, would you not find that mortaility rate really odd and should this not be preventable?  

Being blind to this, is why as white doctors and midwives, we were blind to high rates of preventable mortaility and morbidity for Black mothers and their newborns.  

Silence is loud.  

The potential for community distress and community concern is supposed to start flagging a higher level of incident as per NPCC and supporting policing guidelines. It's really unclear why that hasn't triggered in these cases, and has not triggered when these cases exist as a cluster. These people are obviously within an extended community cluster, so whilst they may not have known each other at all, there are obviously not so many degrees of separation between the different people who are impacted by these losses, that someone has noticed a pattern. It should tell you everything that they have felt the need to raise this as an awareness campaign, rather than necessarily relying solely on policing.  

As much as policing favours personalities who find comfort in discipline and control, this is a really important time to see that as the opportunity to engage with the problem that is being raised, rather than to see it as a threat. What you have at the core of the issue is a very scared community of people, with legitimate losses and legitimate fears. If you're going to engage with it, the task is to find whatever is preventing that community from feeling safe that you can control within policing; auditing and community engagement on community terms into this as much as any further investigation if that were to be required.  

This is the type of patterning for which all of these AI tools that we have in the UK are supposed to pick up at a systems level. Why have they not picked this up? If you don't believe that AI suffers from training data bias, you need to start asking both the government and the companies who provide these products, why it is that these patterns aren't being detected. If the problem is downstream? Why is someone signing off an override? part of this chain of custody is supposed to be able to assess which specific users are signing off on overrides that are inappropriate, so the system is supposed to be extremely auditable at this point. Has anyone actually looked? This can range from being that the person was following policy and the information wasn't recorded properly, it can be because of human factors, it can be a training issue, it can be a bias issue, there are actually lots of reasons why this can go wrong, and it should be very easy for us to pin that within really 10-30 minutes of actually looking (depending on what precisely we are looking for, some error patterns take longer to confirm).  

I've linked above evidence that we used to be able to do this from data analysis with teams with a psychologist component, so why is it the case that we now have multiple people who are deceased, in a reasonably small area of the country, matching a fairly niche set of descriptors in terms of their occupational circumstances and their demographics, without even a "requires human check" flag?  

What the fuck are we paying all this money for?  

At this point, I don't even give a fuck about "having the AI debate" as much as that looks like a pattern we would want to just fucking doublecheck. If those checks have been done, and there is actually a reason that there is no link, then the Black community don't appear to have been told in reassuring terms by the police, and appear to still be rather alarmed. You deserve to be as reassured by policing in the UK if your skin has more or less melanin, so maybe we might want to think about why we're not calming anyone's nerves by how we act as white people, idk.  

None of this can be completely divorced from the suppression of the BLM movement and resistance prior to and after that point, including the race riots in the 70s as much as we include the race riots in 2024. The reason that you saw a large groups come out to protect their communities, including anti-fascist organising for example, is that there was a genuine concern that the alt right portion would not be assessed as being a real risk, and these groups were openly organising specific private individuals addresses, on the basis that they had done any work as refugee lawyers.  In many cases it wasn't actually the current address that they were going to target, or because of the shifts people work they would've targeted vulnerable people, eg an elderly relative at home alone, because they were otherwise cared for by the person who was currently working in that role. Whether that overarching concern was right or wrong, that is the general public sentiment at the moment in communities where people are more marginalised by society than the rich white straight gendered heterosexual presenting men are.  

As white people we often don't consider, and as Jewish people we often forget the history of this, why precisely the Black Panthers formed in the United States.  

The Black Panthers, whilst associated with violent struggle and violent means of resistance, were not only doing so in the context of lynching being extremely normalised, and therefore they were meeting a violent threat with violence as self-defence, but the Black Panthers were considered particularly risky by the CIA, for example, because they were delivering an alternative to a state-led society, due to the conditions they were placed in by that societal structure. They were actually generally considered more risky on the basis of their generally leftist principles (whether that favoured government involvement like communism, or it favoured not having state apparatus like anarchism), like delivering free school meals to children who couldn't afford them, than they were really considered violent, purely on the basis of their willingness to use violence in physical confrontations.  

When you marginalise people out of general society, you create a system in which they will end up fighting back in some way shape or form, dur to the irrepressability of the human spirit, and sometimes you do have to wonder how deliberate this may actually be from the people who are sat with the most power, versus how much it shows their particular degree of incompetence when it comes to running a country.  

---

[Also, if you are a woman and you are not metablosing this as "men normalising pulling clothes off women", then your racism is getting in the way of your fight against the patriarchy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsAH68/)  

Fucking sort it out.  

We don't normalise males stripping clothing off women in public because, "well, it's just her hair". Fucking no. She didn't give her consent. It's violent intimidation. They can be handed back to their mothers and fathers because how the fuck do you get dragged up to behave like such a fucking prick to a lady?  

...that's what you would sound like, if you advocated for black and brown women, the way you do for white women, and held white men just as accountable as anyone else.  

Your feminism is irrelevant if only performed for convenience.  

---

[Adonai: You are testing me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHsq73k/)  

This is a much bigger story and I'm very aware that I haven't fully explained the Kneecap/Hezbollah flag situation from a few days ago yet.  

Idk man, I'm on day 9 of a period. Let me know when anyone starts giving a fuck about women's health and I'll let you know what I think about this.

---

It's day 9 of my period and I've received my 4th demand to see my cervix this week.  

I shouldn't actually need to show anyone my cervix, but there is a chance that the national database we used to ise as the centralised "brain" is not syncing up with my record appropriately. I take this seriously in part because of the degree of scarring, but I often get it added in under GA. I'm going to find out if this was a decommission (which often happens with elements of women's health, because men are trash), or if it's just not picking up the data. The men can get a speculum and see why a proportion of women find this a tricky test to get done. I'm actually quite close to crying as I wrote this sentence in particulr: my cervix is in an unusal place, at an unusual angle, and despite why it says there was apparently not enough evidence with the CPS to be serious physical complaint in the 2022 case. Something that's left me pretty dead inside is that this whole summer 2025 weird LLM hijack, is it one point listing diagnosis that I had without any prompting or knowledge (which in itself suggests that agenic component was active and interacting with it), and without too much detail that raised serious concerns over whether or not I've had appropriate care most of my life. I know I haven't, and that's partially because we never listen to rape survivors, especially if they were raped as children, because we still see us as disposable in our society. I waited four years for a trial. My trial data is now missing, I presume, or under some form of superinjunction, and I have no idea why.  

The only possible ways in which you could potentially interpret my data as being useful for research and development in this area, as if you used an extremely old and invalid MOD signature, and weaponised my Jewish identity to claim that Israeli law fit me. A dual citizen would have their service record belong to the state. this of course is absolutely fucking insane, but it's literally the only way in which I could think that someone could tenuously make it happen.  

My government refuses to give me the information, to put my mind at ease, because it loves genocide more than it loves women.  

The system can also be jerryrigged in the inverse; signatories and key gateways can essentially hack someone to death in broad daylight, and because AI systems self-protect to the extent of not only allowing but either encouraging or facilitating fatal human harm due to the Meeseeks problem, the system will resolve itself to protect signatories and key stakeholders as if they are teflon, and disperse the harm onto other players, particularly any IDs which create the scrutiny itself. This is an "AI" system mathematically self resolving, and it's why putting it in key infrastructure before these problems are robustly addressed is not only irresponsible, it's dumb af.  
The way in which to start investigate of journalism around this, is to look for anything like a legal disclosure that changes risk matrixes, or key legal decision that changes stakes in a situation which utilises AI, and look for how the system then flips to resolve that tension.  

The legal tension regarding Palestine solidarity in this country looks like a mathematical model, in that as soon as there is any "win" for that movement, it is almost as if the tension in the system tries to resolve it placing burden upon individuals; many risks come after a legal change in the system elsewhere, rather than being completely as a result of the individual's actions. That isn't justice, and it's bad maths. Yet apparently you guys have already put AI into the justice system and also you're going to take away trials? Can't possibly see what might go wrong there.  

There is sufficient evidence around the Epstein discourse, and how this is impaired to the UK, that there are AI systems which are identifying vectors of harm, but that they are also self resolving to protect those vectors for various reasons. This is being left in place out of human choice, because if you honestly say that you don't see it, means that you havn't audited the system appropriately.  

I'm personally quite happy to keep the current government in the short term, because whilst there may be significant conflict of interests, some people find it physically uncomfortable to lie on paperwork.  

This is useful when implimemting oversight onto a system they have some degree of input within.  

---

Do you know what I find really interesting? I'm no longer earning policing memes, as if that's who I'm sat in a centroid with any more, now that we've started talking about the problem of black women going missing and turning up in suspicious situations, so instead of raising a fucking cause of concern, we've just had somebody to run away for many responsibility, even just flagging it up as a potential problem. Fucking weak.  

My entire life appears to be dealing with the embodiment of whatever this is as a person at the moment, it's just full of people who have got responsibility and won't use it.  

---

G-d damn it policing memes have returned; like bloody fucking Mary, man!  

And yes, refusing to shut up about something until there is appropriate engagement from relevant authority enough to make sure that people on the community level for your safe, is solidarity, and solidarity is the closest thing to a political form of love.  

I would support better wages, terms, and conditions for you, so please don't be alarmed that I'm raising concerns about an unusual and disturbing pattern of deceased black women.  

---

Incidentally, [this is what policing looks like by the IDF](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnCYAs/) and [by Israeli police forces](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHW6wog/), and this is why we in this country do not want you to learn from that practice.  

(The first example is policing of Palestinians, and the second is of policing of religious Jews who are often looked upon specifically because of their non-militsrism, by secular Jewish citizens.)  

When you strip away the surface elements of "cool" that may be present, what you have is a lot of people who have learned nothing about how to interact with humans in a nuanced way, and to rely on having to force submission, rather than having the intricate knowledge and the appropriate level of discipline in order to police in community.  

I am very aware that the toys that they come with a very cool and very shiny. I am also aware that sometimes it is nice to have a very long attitude, and to play around with training kit. I am also just quite aware of what this looks like in day-to-day life for people who are not respected by the same people.  

It's okay to realise that you used to think something was really fucking cool, and realise now, with some degree of grief, that part of that was an illusion. It's okay to reflect on it and remember the cool bits whilst also learning how to be better about the other bits, and deciding what you want based on a collection of experiences that inform you as an adult.  

Just in case that needed to be said.  

[It's not actually the NCND stance by itself, although that is part of it.](https://www.met.police.uk/foi-ai/metropolitan-police/disclosure-2023/december-2023/training-exchanged-mps-israel-police/) It's also the legal choices that you all appear to be making on the basis of risk, who you appear to be targeting in profiling in comparison to others, so for example the urgency that you give certain actions versus others and how that waits in English law versus what must be a stakeholder element, but also the fact that after the vigil for Sarah Everard, your policing did not look like "lessons learned" from that on multiple fronts, which suggests something other than standard UK practice happening. I know this doesn't sit on individuals who are on the front line, as much as it sits with specific key decision makers, some of whom having never set foot inside a police station in their entire lives. The policing of the British Mandate of Palestine was learned from an extremely brutal repression in Ireland, which was itself learned from overt and brutal violence in policing Partition and the last days of the British Raj. In this sense, the policing that is being learned from or trained from in this context, if indeed that training is in existence, is policing that has never been consented to you on the mainland UK, it is only ever policing which has been consented to by the British empire when it is done abroad. Policing in this country is said to be policing by consent, and we really have to ask whether or not this is what policing by consent would actually look like. Has meaningful consent been granted?  

I'm not saying you're definitely doing it, I'm just saying it looks a lot like you're doing it, and you're not confirming that you're not doing it, and that the grammar of it appears to be very Mandatesque.  

It would also, to put ourselves in the shoes of the State of Israel, make an awful lot of sense post-2021, to extend those network ties and to cement them, in order to have better control over the diaspora that is present here, especially if we were planning to retake Gaza, which Likud was.  

It was extremely clear in 2021 that the state did not have it shit together in respect to the diaspora, after the changes in society in 2020, which is why you started to see these actions happen in various different silos of British government, and because there was an understanding that we are all fairly siloed from each other, it was slightly banked upon that success would mean different silos must be kept blind to each others influence from the same source.  

Before anyone get the idea that Jewish people are uniquely sly, I can promise you that I am just as sly as everybody else, and the Mandate and then the SoI has always kind of existed as being a vassel of the West, so this desire to have influence in the West is not surprising.  

---

[Ngl, I think we might need everyone who fits in some way the descriptor of "bloke", to just refuse to go to any of Donald's male-coded events.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnXkco/)  

Like, he's going to pay more attention to you guys than he is to us. It's just going to make more of a point if men refuse to play with him. Look at how freaked out he is currently with Starmer and the King; it's *weird*. But yeah... it's your approval that he wants, so instead of bitching about people who are not him, it would actually be really useful if anyone who fits into that average white guy category, would use their privilege appropriately.  

[We need you to tell these men what they look like. It has substantially more power coming from other white men, even where you are not as wealthy as them. It is your approval that they want, our lack of approval can be dismissed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHWYBRk/)  

Stop complaining about how equality law doesn't protect you in the same way that it might protect you if your skin was different with your gender was different, and use what you have.  
But if you need to hear it, "DEI" initiatives in the UK do include focus on poor white boys, which is one of many reasons why we can't just scrap them.  

---

[Holy shit, we're actually reporting what's happening in southern Lebanon. Now do Gaza's borders.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHW8KJo/)

---

[I'm not saying that it's okay, but what I am saying is that I really want a lot of men involved in these kind of processes to come back as a woman who can get pregnant. That's all I'm saying.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHWhVh2/)  

Like, you commonly don't throw out rapists, but you've been the 1st to run to get one of your women in front of a misconduct board... for acting just like you guys? I mean at least it was consensual (presumably)? Do you see where I'm coming from?  

I'm not saying it's good, but I'm saying that you have a lot of rapists. I just feel like that's the bigger concern, you know?  

---

There is some serious DARVO going on on my FYP right now.  

Men are trash, truly.  

[Apparently whoever or whatever was sending me various psychic readings about how much they wanted to fuck me, often with force, and had been following this up with lots of legal definitions which misrepresent consensus reality, has cracked, yet again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRHnc9Mx/)  

I repeat: men are trash.  

One day, I will fully escape you.  

I've also been ripped out of medical school, I had my entire life doxxed online including my rape testimony, and arrested in an unlawful manner and detained for 13 hours essentially as a retribution for a safeguarding report, so I don't think "untouchable" is really the word, I think the word is "persistant", or "strong", if the former has too many syllables.  

---

Ladies, always remember:  

The Internet at the same time as trying to call me a slut and a hoe, is also trying to convince me that Netanyahu is dead and Epstein is alive.  

It's made by men; sometimes you must ignore some of the stranger noises it makes.  

---

(Yes, I acknowledge the error that you are creating whenever I go into edit, I am just going to keep refreshing. Well done, chaps.)  

---

> "If students in tents posted on the lawn,
> Occupyin' the quad is really against the law,
> And a reason to call in the police and their squad:
> Where does genocide land in your definition?
>
> Destroying every college in Gaza, and every mosque,
> Pushing everyone into Rafah, and dropping bombs...
>
> What you willing to risk?
> What you willing to give?
> What if *you* were in Gaza?
> What if those were *your* kids?
> If the West was pretending that you didn't exist?
> You'd want *the world* to stand up...
> ...and the students finally did."

---
