[🇬🇧: I feel so conflicted about liking the point about the FOI section refusal being fundamentally odd.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRQo9y9j/)  

If HOM thought GBN was going to be a bunch of pricks about it, isn't a different section the best lawful refusal? So I am just a bit confused about the commercial interests section being relied upon.  

This is a stakeholder who can and has gone to a high legal level to essentially prove their point.  

Why not s.36? Why not s.40?  

If this is about protecting the people most likely to be impacted by sentiment, wouldn't you choose those?  

Question is therefore:  

*Whose* commercial interests, explicitly, are we stating could be harmed, and *upon what evidentiary support are we relying?*  

This isn't something that can just be "general", in order to be within legal compliance.  

So well done to the Home Office, because if it is just your general reputation on the commercial market, you have done it potentially at the cost of widespread security to the people most likely to be scapegoated by that choice.  

Please can comeone take AI out of the department. I really want to believe this was a clumsy LLM choice. (Alternative is someone believing this was a good choice at a legal department level.)  

It is extremely unwise to rely upon an LLM when your stakeholder is unusual, because an LLM chooses upon *probabilities of token ordering* to generate answers. GB News is not your average correspondant; they do not fit "average" for escalation liklihood, so all probabilities will calibrate inappropriately for the response.  

It's also just a wild read of the relevant law, and the case which the stakeholder could generate.  

This has likely put a stop to any proposed changes to FOIA spending caps – any change now can be read as "misleading the public".  

Alternatives include the guidance flowchat being too generalistic for scenarios similar to this one, and/or a lack of route out if complexity identified.  

The problem with this, is that it produces a domino effect on a large volume of previous requests.  

The impact is now a chain of talking points which are being revisited and rehashed, with half the UK bringing the affordability of housing (or lack thereof) into the comments.    

---

Btw no wifi for several days via EE to iOS for absolutely no reason.  

---

[🇮🇱: Holy fuck the Christians in the West have noticed what Israel is doing in the Old City.](https://www.tiktok.com/@skynews/video/7622817325816745238)  

Now remember Gaza. [Fyi there were and are Christian communities there, too.](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2023/11/1/under-israeli-attack-who-are-the-christians-of-gaza) You can talk about the West Bank – these are all illegally occupied territories of Palestine.

All three Abrahamic faiths have always been there. You can do it. You can talk about it.  

[🇬🇧: Recommended watching, for the British.](https://youtu.be/wWtwnae_5UI?si=Qaft5ipFktbruiAM)  

This is how we are portrayed in a great number of films, internationally. Does it not make you want to rewrite the script of who we are in this moment, when you see how we have left this impression on the history of so many?  

I am far from the only Jew in the diaspora, who views my relationship with complicity as primarily one based on my nationality, and the actions historically and in the present of my country. Do I think I should be challenged on my position on genocide in the current moment, as a British Jew? Yes, because I am a British person, and in that alone I derive so much benefit from the ongoing exploitation of others, even if I may not be at the top of the pyramid of who benefits within my country.  

At this point in time, I believe that all British people should be asked where they stand, because it is not clear from our government position, it is not clear from our outward facing cultural position on the international stage, and it is the British element of who I am, that I feel has the most to answer for, in complicity in the genocide of the Palestinian people.  

I love my country deeply, and this is unlikely to change. I love the people who are on this island, and I will always act in their protection, but a genocide is in no one's interests. In this regard, whilst I often speak about my Jewish identity, for me it is by far the British part of who I am, which must be outwardly accounted for.  

I say this with deep love for my country: I do not want us to be complicit in a genocide any longer.  

When you ask how I can possibly take an anttizionist stance as a Jew, what you should be asking yourself is why that was your first thought, and not why I take an antizionist stance as a British woman who loves her country.  

I am well aware of all of the values that you seek to see as British identity in the context of counterterrorism, and I am betraying absolutely none of them, by standing against the horror of genocide, simply because some people in this country seek to benefit from it.  

If you want to know how and why we have been complicit for so long, this is simply not a stand that could have been taken so long by a minority religious community in the UK of around a quarter of a million people; complicity in this genocide is an establishment position.  

The descendants of the soldiers who would likely be the frontline of a conscription even today, which your ancestors took into colonial wars, are tired of being complicit in the modern iteration those same wars and those echoing atrocities. Our generations were shaped by shared experiences in trenches, and we will have no part in this going forward; the first 50 years of the 20th century has made too much of an impact on the workers of this country and their descendants, the chief labour resource, for them to support illegal wars, or for them to give up their NHS. They may be swung and led in all sorts of ways, but this intergenerational transmission of experiential learning is not "winnable" by the 1%. The "lower" classes made that incredibly clear to you all in multiple vehicles this weekend.  

It is high time for our colonial past, to be something of the past.  

I'm not saying you can't feel positive emotions about your family tree – I am asking you to be realistic in this moment.  

The rest is a bridge which can be crossed as there are bridges to cross, but you have nothing to lose, even as the 1%, than that which chains you to a system of exploitation.  

---

To answer a very Jewish question about the trailer upfront for that film, which is incredibly good, you are reading that quote in the context of the racism you have experienced in your own life in the imperial core, and for that reason you should not be so surprised that the context of the scene would provide something rather different to what you are thinking.  

She then explains that she does not know why; the lack of information avsilable and the lack of communication from the Mandate power is very well captured. There is a reason that I prepared the British people first and foremost, in case they have never seen themselves be represented like this, because it's not completely unusual for the people who tell their own stories, to say what they experienced in the way that they experienced it, and that doesn't reflect particularly well on the British.  

Something that we have to start learning as Jewish people, is what parts of what we are reacting to is reflective of our reaction to our personal history and experiences of racism in the imperial core, and what parts are we reacting to racism that is actually present in the moment when other people are talking about us – and when is this appropriate to challenge, such as when we are at the edge of power imbalance, versus when is it the case that we are experiencing something where the other party's pain is great, is justified, and we are the ones who in the moment, hold disproportionate power? This often enters as an uninvited guest, into conversations with Palestinians where they are the ones who have experienced the most racism from us, and what we are reacting to is an echo of European racism.  

And with that knowledge, we might start to understand a little bit more, what is actually going on. We might find space to exercise the muscles of compassion, and allow those which flex power by force to atrophy.  

The inclusion of the particular forces that had come directly from fighting to suppress rebellion in Ireland, and how that was built upon and moved through countries, is explored. The experience that was used even before then, to fight rebellion in the British Raj, is also present. This film tells a lot about a lot of people in this country, and why they feel a certain way about the British establishment. That feeling that you have, is a complex complexity of any identification that you have with those people, or with your ancestors, whilst also maintaining that you yourself are British, and have been brought up to love what that represents. It's an incredibly informative film to sit through, although I would prepare yourself for a fairly robust film. It will ruin you emotionally for many reasons. Don't worry – you will live.  

If what you desire is to have the freedom to tell of the complexity of imperial support of different facts, and how that impacted what happened, you can tell that story, but you cannot tell it without acknowledging history; if what you want is to explain the complexity from a Jewish perspective, you can only do that by acknowledging the very real settler colonial activity, which was done under the banner of a Zionist ideology, and supported by several imperial European powers, whilst also complicated by European fascism, on a background of long-standing violence towards several communities, one of which was Jewish communities in Europe.  

You can tell that story, but you have to acknowledge what Palestinians went through, and who was party in doing that to them, in order to tell that story.  

In the setting of an ongoing genocide, it is not a Palestinian who owes you the room to tell that story.  

In the setting of an ongoing genocide, it is your place and your responsibility to carry the voice of those Palestinians who want to tell their story, and even if you do not wish to do it for them, it will be the only way that you will ever be able to honestly tell your own.  

Remember who you are, in all of its complexity.  

You cannot tell the story of how your safety was conditional, if you are not honest about what those conditions were, and how and why you chose to participate to whatever extent you participated.  

---

[🇬🇧: BBC, you can say the quiet part out loud, should you wish. You essentially already have, but it's good to show integrity as a cultural vehicle.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/ckge1yn50y8o)  

---

From the response of central agencies, it now looks like the entirety of the data problem as is, is either confined to a regional exposure, +/- has some degree of influence in the Cabinet Office.  

The problem that I have here is that whoever else is telling that data story is clearly better regarded or certainly has been better regarded in the past than I am. By not having any central ownership, and having outright rejections of central ownership, I am left in a situation of having to pin it down to something in the region (assuming that it has been filed within region). The only other possible oversight could be bodies or companies who receive and metabolised data from several sources, and I think this is a really important point distress that I understand the difference between intention, liability, and wear something might be a systems error or a personal error, versus active participation.  

I am also extremely aware that I am very PTSD at the moment from the amount of discussion of drugging and sexual offences; I am prioritising getting myself into a state of relative calm this week, pending the passing of the latest possible deadline for some specific controllers, in order to take the next action.  

The reason that it is meaningful to start to get somewhat concrete responses for FOIs, is that it starts to narrow down for me where I might need to ask additional questions, to the appropriate agencies. I think a lot of of the time this has been misunderstood as me being difficult or me trying to put blame onto organisations, when that is just not the case. There have been times where I have responded in a less than an ideal way, and that is often where I'm being strung out for 10 emails or more, just to get basic facts straight. It's very frustrating that essentially the British government is currently still in the position where no one is taking ownership of the fact that I was part of a high profile data leak when I was a teenager, and whilst you might not have any interest and I might not have any interest in data like that, it is possible that people in Britain do have that interest, it is possible that people overseas have that interest. Something that keeps coming up is that there is no clear place to go for any harms related to this, and there is a huge cost barrier to even getting advice on it. It is interesting also that whilst central organisations are saying that they have nothing to do with it, and that is really helpful, that does still seem to be some miss application of legal instruments, because it would appear that at some point counterterrorism was involved for some reason, and at some point this is the crocs of what has been weaponised to stop contact with people who were helping me actively get the root of the problem.  

These could be explained away by really quite minor things, maybe somebody reported me to counter terrorism, counter terrorist and checked out my data, and that wrapped up within a three month period. It is very possible that that might be the entire explanation as to that being part of the story, and this is where it becomes really important to just be frank, because the longer you leave it and the less transparency that is given, the more this tends towards the assumption for the data subjects that there is more to the story, when that might not be the case at all. If you think that it is difficult to manage these processes internally, I have imagined that is something that does come up, it is incredibly difficult to try and pick this apart from the outside, when all of your help and support appears to be interrupted, and where you are potentially acting against the wishes of a party which appears adversarial (whether that is merely defensive for the purposes of protecting against liability, or whether there is something more to that).  

At some point, there has been a very strange story told, or strange stories told, and it appears that there has been at some point quite peculiar legal instruments used since. It is entirely possible that those legal instruments could be used in a way which was appropriate for the information that the weather was applying them had, and for them also to be used in an odd way. It does appear that it's some point that has been a significant deviation from a true representation of my actions and who I am, and this seems to stem from about 2020. It is unclear if this is a system error, or if this is something more than that. Again, this is where it becomes very difficult when it's assumed the data subject is being adversarial, because the only reason that I'm showing this degree of interest is because it's gotten so bad across so many systems, which again tends to indicate that it is either a unusual or simple failure that cascade badly, or unfortunately we do also have to consider that there may have been bad acting at some point. The problem of British bureaucracy is that the way in which you are dealt with, and this relates to the GB news story, does produce a repeated effect that whilst potentially completely unintentional, it does create the dynamic which is seen in coercive control. This is particularly true where exemptions are used that simply don't match the case, even though that is probably being done from an efficiency lens. At this point, if this is how bad it is across the board, it would not be completely unreasonable to have a realistic conversation about a catch-up plan, and developing short-term legislation to cover for that. The longer this is left to get worse, the more it can be used to directly attack the British state from an informational warfare point of view.  

I appreciate that sometimes it is tempting to look at what I write and assume that that would never happen here, but you are looking at a situation where we are understood by Iran to be part of the problem, and you are seeing them potentially hacking several fairly high cybersecurity threshold databases or systems, and in addition they have shown how they preferred decentralised power, and they prefer scale whilst keeping low cost, and yet you cannot see how behavioural nudging of people here to submit more complaints and FOIs, would hurt your government.  

Iran had three years or more to witness the impact of the weaponisation of FOIA request, for political purposes, and it is in the public domain that the UK is struggling to keep up, and that the UK is regulator is struggling to keep up, and yet you honestly don't see how this could be weaponised?  

If this is really the case, and we are genuinely not on the same page here about how this could be utilise, I really think that there is an element of information defence that needs addressing, even just from looking at how you would be an adversary to another state; I'm surprised that we don't seem to be accepting that certain things are possible, because it suggests that you haven't thought about anything more than bombs or guns.  

---

[🇬🇧: "So the people 'saving Western civilisation', needed the Gulf states to pay for the venue."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCNR5WY/)  

The Gulf states are stepping in as an alternative to older colonial powers, and they are essentially billing themselves as a place where any exchange can happen. They are located at an optimal nexus point geographically, and they deal with a lot of countries that would not usually openly deal with each other. The states themselves which are monarchies, whilst we might understand them in a tourism way, it should be noted that these are or authoritarian states and do practice digital authoritarianism. This makes it a very natural choice to use them as a tax and business base, for any policies that are even vaguely linked to an increasing swing to authoritarianism in the West.  

---

[🇮🇱: Does the IDF not get bored of using the same talking points in order to try and justify the unjustifiable?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCNY2EB/)  

Or are we also running out of bodies in the narrative control department?  

At a time where the IDF or actively struggling to have enough troops, to the point that they are putting out their 10th or 11th red alert to politicians, it does beg the question, what the goal actually is here.  

This feels like the actions of a dying state, and more precisely the progressive loss of control, and reactive spiking violence, that is commonly seen at the end of colonial regimes.  

I feel that pointing out the six ballistic missiles without any further context is a little disingenuous, so I refer you to Ye Olde Wikipedia:  

> Since November 2024, despite an official ceasefire, Israel has continued its attacks in Lebanon nearly every day, killing 500 people (including 127 civilians), while Hezbollah violated the ceasefire by rebuilding its militant infrastructure and weapons arsenal.
> On 28 February 2026, the United States and Israel launched attacks on Iran and assassinated Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei. In response, Hezbollah launched strikes on Israel. Israel responded by launching strikes across Lebanon, including the capital Beirut. The Israeli army began ground operations in southern Lebanon on 16 March 2026.

I'm just saying that there might have been a context for those missiles that we are talking about, and that by omitting context, that raises some questions about narrative intention.  

---

Also... millenia of Talmudic arguments, and y'all are still flumuxxed that invoking the "all Jews" clause in 2023, somehow did not turn out one international unified bloc.  

Bibi's been hanging round with too many antisemities, fr.  

---

[🇺🇸: "Now, if they were doing this sort of thing just maybe once – they happened to get a phrase that happened to be a white-supremacist phrase – you might think it was an accident, but they're doing it all the time, which makes you think it's deliberate."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCNbC21/)  

Regarding the question of if ICE meets historical precedant for a paramilitary force.  

Apparantly Liz Truss wants one.  

Most aggressive for a lettuce-adjacent former PM – really do feel the Kraken ought to be informed.  

---

[🇺🇸: So the united front on the proposed 3D printing ban was the defence bods who actually rely on parts working to stay alive, and disabled community and engineers, and now everyone who has ever been part of the nerd communities with the IP Night Riders and overpriced minis is joining the fight.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCNTx8j/)  

This could be the point at which international IP rights tilt on their axis; there is a significant overlap of impact, and I'm not sure if anyone really meant to start this fight.  

---

[🇬🇧: Meanwhile Katie Hopkins wants a British city bombed, but okay.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCN7dXe/)  

[This is why you know Qesser, if mostly from national news.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCFhWB1/)  

---

I've been thinking about it, and I feel that it may be a public service that some of us need to perform, to appease the egos of conservative men. Just like they rank us, I think we might need to start ranking them, and giving extremely precise explanations why they don't get full marks.  

The main reason I'm slightly resistant to it is because I don't really want to give them the humiliation fetish material for free.  

---

[🇬🇧/🇮🇷: So... why do Heritage Foundation types not consider Nigel Farage to be either an Iranian proxy, or a Hamas Support Network proxy?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCYPSyQ/)  

I was just in the impression that this was essentially the argument as to how someone was one of those things, so I just want to check if we are or are not calling him this.  

Is this like one of those things where you just have to be friends with enough nonces, and you're okay?

---

[Started writing about this IoT problem persisting, and everything hard-crashed.](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/aug/10/vibrator-phone-app-we-vibe-4-plus-bluetooth-hack)  

...guilty conscience?  

I should not be expected to be ashamed or apologise for being a 36 year old adult female.  

Kindly get your collective shit together, lads.  

If you need an explaination of periods, considering your combined maturity or its lack, I'm sure there will be some of our mutual connections who would be... well, they would oblige you, I'm sure. Whether they would be happy to do so, I feel is a little more debatable.  

---

[Pinning for myself Ch4 Dospatches on AI-facilitated drone warfare, because this idea of ot fundamentally being primed to "blur the reality", makes this something we said we ought to avoid.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC21ufE/)  

---

[🇬🇧: The UK's key guidance point in counterterrorism, is publicly not connecting the dots that that any increase in violence and lack of accountability and impunity for crimes against humanity conducted by Israeli individuals, in the occupied Palestinian territories, may have any impact on how people view us as Jews in the UK.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRC2RXU7/)  

Like, sir...  

On a wider point, I think this is where we see the ingrained and normalised attitude of Zionism and of racism in the UK establishment, such that it actually actively interferes in Jewish emancipation and progress in UK society.  

Even if I believed in what the state of Israel was doing as a settler colonial project, I would still have to on some level accept that publicly known about and internationally discussed violence, and a lack of accountability for crimes, was going to impact my reputation globally. I should not therefore be that surprised if it increases and already nascent antisemitism in the white UK population. (Or this apparent Islamist population, which I'm going to be honest I have not met yet; this is not the politics of any of them Muslim people that I hang around with or have met, so I really can't comment on this, because it's completely outside of my experience.)  

I don't understand why all of these white men are speaking on behalf of a community that they do not belong to, especially when it can be said that they have some vested interest or that their job is essentially defined by this. I understand the need to discuss the national security aspect, but how are we going to speak about that if we do not recognise the genocide?  

It's completely baffling to me that whilst the genocide conventions make it very clear that you should act if there is a risk (in other words, you do not have to wait until it is declared in court), we are refusing to do that – and even further than just a refusal, we are actively allowing weapons companies to make profit, at the same time that we are expecting Jewish communities in the UK to somehow be magically protected by goodwill.  

I don't understand how you can expect it to be realistic to tell people to stop saying or doing things that scare Jews, at the same time that you are actively engaging in the material support for a genocide, largely conducted very publicly by a population that is a majority Jewish population (in so far as, Israeli citizens are majority Jewish; wider Palestine is a different demographic).  

I'm very unclear as to how everyone is expecting to have their cake and eat it, and how many more synagogues need to be hit with some form of security risk, before any of you take it seriously. The fact that I can't just rely on you being humans who want to prevent genocide, and to act independently in compliance with the genocide conventions, which were set out after the Holocaust, should be a really clear warning sign to you as to how your behaviour is coming across.  

I obviously do not want to have the increase in the threat level to our communities, but I'm really lost as to how simply saying that people should be nicer, in the wider circumstances, is really helping anyone. If anything, all it looks like is that we are being painted too, so it's actually worse than silence in some respects. this is particularly pertinent at a time when one of the incidents is being classified now as an arson, moving from its previous status as a hate crime; this is fundamentally quite confusing to the general public, so this discourse is not necessarily helpful at this time. I'm sure it is very well intended from various parties, but perhaps now is not the right time for that.  

---

[🇮🇱/🇵🇸: If we want to protect British Jews, maybe we can stop doing business as isual with a state that has just decided to knowingly pollute Gaza's major water source, in the context of widespread and devastating infrastructural damage.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCjD9JN/)  

To some extent, the more you focus media attention on us, without giving appropriate recognition to what the fuck is going on in Gaza, then of course people will start to associate us as being the problem.  

The State of Israel has just introduced the death penalty essentially exclusively for Palestinians. This is on top of a system where large segments of the Palestinian population are already subject to arbitrary detention, as military combatants, even if it is a preschool child. The imprisonment is spoken about in various art forms as being part of a Palestinian's life, because it is so routinely and ritualistically done, as a means of population control which is coercive and inhumane. Torture is incredibly normal, and quite frankly some of the military detention centres should be called either torture camps, concentration camps, or death camps.  

They have now legalised they process within their own legal system, which allows them to feel like they are following a process or a procedure, to execute Palestinians.  

How bad does it need to get for you to acknowledge Gaza?  

How bad does it need to get to look at a place and say, "do you know what - we got this one wrong", and join in meaningful support and meaningful solidarity with people who are currently undergoing a process of genocide?  

There is a huge concrete wall which has been ruled to be illegal under international law that is still surrounding Gaza, restricting their aid, restricting their food, restricting their medication.  

Trump is losing with Iran, and Bibi is looking at serious corruption charges.  

What will it take to push you a little bit closer to action?  

What is the price of preventing any further death and destruction in the process of genocide?  

Genocide is do not stop by themselves, because someone realises one day that it would be better to do something else, they continue and they progress, and now that Israel is sending troops into Lebanon, is now the time where we will instigate further sanctions, and meaningfully divest, and meaningfully embargo all arms trades, and meaningfully revoke our support?  

What will it take to honour those who suffered and died as part of any of the other genocides of history?  

What is your price?  

---

...  

My father can now apply for short release.  

He's in a cat D, and it's 4 years into the sentence.  

Meanwhile, my life has been upended and no one in government has the decency to find out how my evidence leaked.  

My father raped me as a child, over several years. The bones of my pelvis don't align, and I have the start of arthritis in my back from old compression injuries to the bones. Damage to the nerves is widespread; I drag one of my legs.  

None of this was recognised because apparently there was not enough evidence in my medical file. I was never spoken to my CPS at any point, other than the day of the trial.  

My testamony has been used towards me online without my disclosure, and I've had significant disturbance at my address, in some cases utilising the details of that trial for harassment.  

I don't think it's possible to accurately capture what I'm feeling in this moment.  

Or at least, there isn't a way to capture it without potentially upsetting the wrong sort of men, and whilst I don't believe they deserve the protection, I don't think I can take any more consequences of their delicate constitutions.  

I don't know why I'm even even typing any of this out, because it's not important. If it was important, I would be consulted. My MP and their party are apparently not speaking to me, nor is Cabinet Office.  

My advice is to not get raped as a prepubescent child. I can think of other solutions, but the men get upset.  

We live in an age where the screams of a perpetrator commonly matter more than anyone else's.  

---
