[Richard Medhurst gives a round up of strikes on the Iran to Israel axis.](https://youtu.be/pYNdkgDRvPA?si=f97aWVKdcW_w7_Wh)  

[Sky News has put a decent segment together in terms of where the UK assets actually are, in terms of military assets in the ME.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTfe3C/) (I would caution to really stick to that as the piece of information to take from that segment; the way in which this is presented feels like it's pushing a foregone conclusion.)  

I've had a lot of ILTV pop up, and there have been at least two death notices. May their memories be a blessing.  

I'm not going to pretend that I do not feel significant emotional discomfort when residential areas are hit, but I also feel profound anger when I see unarmed women facing down several armed soldiers, knowing that Jewish people are doing that (state violence) to Palestinian people. We have watched 3 years of Palestinian suffering, at a relentless and barbaric pace, and in ways which defy description, the horror is so profound. No one is going to forget waking up to videos of a father holding his child, suddenly missing their head, and the complexity of anger and sadness and grief and bewilderment on his face. This was what you were algorithmically placed into, if you had a certain degree of empathy, in Oct 2023.  

I can hold the complexity, and what I would like to see is room for the complexity of grief; I am not unsensible to the fact that a "pre-emptive strike" means "we fired the first shot", and frankly on the face of it, whatever the memorial at UCL is sounds like students who are mourning people in Iran who were civilians, so equating them with the IRGC out the gate is quite bizarre.  

I don't not feel weird when I hear people say things which may read as extremely anti-Irael, but I have never actually heard these things said without further context of "the State of Israel has murdered tens of thousands of Palestinians and no one in government is condemning it, in fact they are silencing and suppressing any solidarity for the victims of a genocide". If you are getting your knickers in a twist in a context like that, it is a good time and place to sit with the question of "why?" - in other words, *why* are the people you are listening to expressing anger of that intensity. We so often misread anger from brown people as inherent risk, which is simply not true, and in the framing that they have seen children who look like their own decapitated, and their own country is telling them that that is not reprehesible, and that they are being dramatic to show any emotion at all, you might consider that they may need to express that anger *in order to even carry on breathing*.  

I find it incredibly difficult to place automatic sympathies with a regieme that is responsible for a genocide that is still ongoing, and I cannot bring myself to condemn military action upon it as a means to halt that genocide. I am aware also, that the anti-Jewish propaganda under the Ayotolla was significant; I am in a very Jewish position of, "all these governments, I do not trust".  

It's okay to have extremely complicated feelings, and it's okay to find any and all deaths to be the endings that they are, and it's okay to grant room for closure for yourself and for others.  

Every time the US does something to destabilise the Middle East, we have gained citizens and residents, because the UK has British imperial history in that region, so we are one of the obvious places people may choose to go. Accordingly, we have people from alsorts of backgrounds from this region in our country. It is really important at this time that we let people breathe, amd that we let people cry, and that we let people scream, to vent their emotional response. This will always be more important to our community cohesion, than more money from rich American men who fancy a slice of our islands.  

I don't want to take away from the voices of people in this country, who represent voices from Iran, Palestine, and the voices of people who have family across the region, including all of the states which formed after British imperial insurgent action at the beginnkng of the 20th century.  

I don't know what the next 24 hours looks like.  

Please don't be limited to the voice of one random British Jew with no family to worry about in that region, and no academic study in the history and politics of that region.  

I just ended up here because fuck genocide.  

---

On the subject of compact emotions, as an example:  

I feel fear but I don't know what I'm scared of.  

Our new cycle is such, that our emotions are weaponised, and our algorithms are essentially built to do this at scale; and technology that we use to receive information, has been built to recognise substitutes for our emotion in how we interact with our devices, and to exploit that for capitalist's purposes accordingly.  

Whilst I may have things on my mind which reasonably instill fear, I'm also very aware that however I am clicking on things, however I'm holding attention for things, will be picked up by my devices just as it will for everyone else, and that behavioural proxy data will be used to inform what experience to subject me to, while I'm online.  

I also know who has the most control of the Internet and what the government is currently doing in terms of warfare, and so sometimes when we go through moments like this, I will quite consciously just sit with emotions however they come, and not take large sweeping opinions opinions about anything in particular that may be causing them.  

Someone might ask "well what do you do?", and that is very easy if you know what your values are, because your baseline values should tell you how you ought to act in any given scenario, not least when the territory is unclear.  

---

"And my writing tone, now,  
Is not one that offers you a neat little bow  
to tie all of your little problems up with.  
I learned enough to know that,  
I don't know that much.  

...You know lower standards,  
will lower the culture.  
The Roman Empire was destroyed,  because of lower standards and moral decay.  
You know they fed each other to
_**lions**_ for entertainment.  
Humans, when left to their own devices,  
Seem to be hopelessly selfish –  
And bent on their own destruction.  
It seems that unless a power greater  
Than us captures our hearts,  
Nothing will change that trajectory.  
Wealth, knowledge, success -  
seems to only feed the beast;  
But don't listen to me –  
we just met:  
What do I know?"  

---
<!--
So postal items that are late, because if you don't put tracking on (and even when you do put tracking on in some cases), there's a good chance I will never get anything:  
Underpants (these have tracking, but it's not the best tracking), a few T-shirts (there was an offer innit), and some stickers for Chinese New Year (I'll accept that this one may just be on the very late end of the eta).  

It's very interesting to me that it's underwear in particular that always seems to go missing, and that's been the case for several years, but apart from that, if you don't stick something by guaranteed delivery or via Amazon, I'm often fucked. Hermes? Who knows.  

On the outside possibility that this is part of somebody's wonderful "covert" checking, can I potentially suggest that there are receipts in my inbox for all of them and I don't really understand how you would seriously believe that they need checking, but please hurry up. It's annoying to have to keep an analogue record of all my orders (something else I've been doing for a number of years now, because that's how necessary it is).  

If you want to know what it's like to be wrongly described to terrorist in the UK? (Or correctly, because I guess the service is the same?) It's like this. Everything is so much harder to do, and in that situation I don't really understand how you'd end up convincing people that Britain is great and they shouldn't do anything that they might previously have decided they wanted to do. I don't know how this is supposed to prevent me being angry at the government. It's my post, and it adds to yet another mental list as a woman that I need to keep, when I can't trust that things just get delivered. I'm constantly having to write to companies to check what's happened, write to the deliverers to see what's gone on on their end; it's a nightmare. It's also noticeable enough, but this is one of the first ways that I thought, "oh, am I being checked?", because it had genuinely gotten that bad, so it's not very secretive. I had to pay for a PO Box at the end of last year because it just became so unreliable to receive my post, which frankly I think I should be able to refund on somebody's expenses. Things like prescriptions for a lower class CD have disappeared for a few days, when they've been posted to arrive the next day. This actually has a lot more to do with why I came off the PRM than anything else. I wasn't able to taper in a way that minimised any side-effects, I just had to go cold Turkey because that's how bad everything got after the arrest. Which I'm still being denied my records on, so I don't have a right to be forgotten in this country. Whoever escalated this and said that I was going to blow up something, is a complete fucking dickhead and it's not really reasonable to suggest, that whoever did that sort of arguing for my case, didn't know that this was going to happen. I have a lot of anger for how this has been handled, and I have a lot of anger for the misogyny and the racism that was deeply embedded into this experience. Incidentally, it was around that time that I got loads of alt right people around my house, so I genuinely don't know if that is just what policing is like at counterterrorism, or if it's the case that you get watched but no one gets told not to watch you? I essentially still can't report any of this at the police, because it would just be thrown back as questioning for why I might have people watching me ("well are you sure there might not be something else?") I don't fucking know. I don't know what I've done to have weird men outside and fof my underwear to go missing. If I knew what I had done to deserve that, don't you think I would've stopped doing it? 
-->
---

There's some dis/misinformation going around about Dan Cain. Never thought I'd be on the side of defending the US administration but this is not helping. (Although to be honest, we can't completely rule out the that administration would make fake news about itself, so it can make those claims and muddy the water further.)  

Meh. All we need to know is that it's not true, and that's something or someone is claiming it.  

---

[Let this also stand to be a reminder of what it means for missiles to be intercepted; you can't necessarily control their descent, so whilst that sounds good when you're not actually underneath it, even interception has a potential cost.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaT9W3w/)  

Some of you played Risk and never really graduated to anything more complicated, and boy does it show. Real wars impact real people with real lives. It's not a fucking video game.  

[Good advice for creating any content at this time, from independent to large corporation.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTm7d5/)  

& just, communicating it and looking after your own people, wherever you are and in whatever position you're in.  

---

I'm enjoying this "poodle" business.  
I also think whoever told Keir Starmer to shut the fuck up, take it, and let it roll like water off the ducks back, gave him good advice.  

---

[I'm not sad about somehow making it into the algorithmic placement for French political content. I'm confused but I don't hate it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTgT8j/)  

I'm also going to be clear with people reading who are aware that I can pick up business French, I do struggle with colloquial French like the one linked here. This is a lot to do with how I have learned French and not learned French across my life. I'm okay with a very specific type of archaic and business French, but my day-to-day French is quite... it's wanting. Anyone who says you can't pick up skills over the course of your life, particularly in language learning, is definitely lying to you. We have a lot in common with people in the neighbouring countries to us in Europe, and pretending that we don't is hurting us as much as it is just ignorant. Apart from anything else, they were often imperial core countries as well, and they've often had similar histories in terms of resistance to feudalism and resistance to capitalism.  

Before anyone interprets this incorrectly, it's not the accent, it is the specific grammar which is used in colloquial French. It's how many contractions there are, and how many letters don't get pronounced that are written down - that's what does me.  

[As comparison, this is easier for me than colloquial French, but it's still not like when you listen to political speeches.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaT9KUp/)  

[This is as easy as other videos I've shown earlier; it's business French that I'm okay at.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTbpqX/) (emphasis on the word **_okay_**).  

I don't know how to explain this other than to say that I come from a very particular family background coupled with a very particular type of education that was like enforcing meritocracy (or enforcing us to be better than what people thought of northerners from the outside?). I think it's ready underplayed how much of a lasting impact that the workers' movement of the 20th century has on quite a lot of people in the Northeast, such that a lot of families, although not everyone, essentially be like, "you need to go and learn things". That could be completely vocational and you can have no books in your house, it can be picking up a trade, it can be that you learn general life skills by doing some graft on a weekend, it doesn't really matter - what appears to be culturally important is that you don't just exist at the level that you're placed. I would say that it's got equal amounts paranoia over how much the government is going to cut spending in our area, as much as it has an enthusiastic bettermemt of the self which was picked up in the workers' movement.  

For clarity I think it would be reasonable to say that most families will be happier with you being well-established in a trade, and having done no certificate stuff other than what you need to do, compared to going to university, getting a degree, and not being able to get a job.  

There isn't the same focus on the hierarchy per se, that appears to be more of a cultural relevance in the south of England, which I've definitely seen from families there. It's more to do with achieving stability and gaining an income, so that you yourself are safe and cared for, rather than it's about exposure or influence or ladder-climbing.  

This is more the underpinning of the north-south divide than anything else, in my experience. It's the specific approach to the politics of work, what it is realistic to get out of work, and what work is there to achieve for you as a human being, either individually or in collective.  
I also don't think that either way or anything on the spectrum of views, is morally good or bad. They're just different ways to approach life.  

---

[I can't explain exactly why right now, but the way in which this political party works, reminds me of the type of communication that you get from MLM peeps.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTPr1B/)  

There's something about it, which makes it feel like that. Every political party has communication behind the scenes, but something about not just the answer given but the style, feels similar to when people are telling you why they can't refund your leggings or that weird lipstick that made your face blow up.  

It's almost like you can sense that there's some sort of line that's been given, and you can see someone try and move around the fact that they know they have to stay to that one line?  

I don't know. I need to think about it when we're not on the cusp of a world war.  

---

[Therapy Jeff give a really good explanation on why doomscrolling etc actually makes it easier for us to commit atrocities, and how we have to be so careful with how we use our mobile devices now, because it is actually one of the biggest factors in what is allowing the Overton window to move in terms of the international rules based order on an individual level, which then translates to a collective level.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaTnHJm/)  

Our bar for morality can be manipulated by what content we see in algorithmic placement, and the United States owns the Internet. Be curious and be cautious.  

---

[Boebert may or may not be a aware of what she's doing here, but what is being done here, is actually going to reinforce QAnon conspiracy theories for people already within that high-control system.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRawhPdW/)  

There is a bit of a problem when we just see this as arguing for our own personal reputation in front of lawmakers, as if that's our sole audience, because we don't always see what goes on on masteadon or telegram, and that's the core base that is the one thing stopping the US administration in its current form from being thrown out.  

I appreciate this was probably very long already as a sitting, and I don't think it undermines anyone as a person if they are annoyed by a question like this, but the far more useful way of approaching this is, is to approach it as if we are explaining to someone who is very deep in the high control system that supports Donald Trump, what we have done to reassure them that no wrongdoing took place on our own part.  

We have all believed some very strange things in our life, the very definition of people being called into the Epstein files hearings, is that they trusted someone who was not worthy of trust. Given that pizzagate and QAnon are very likely to have been instigated or played off of, by the same network around Epstein, the people who've been exposed to it are vulnerable in their own way and were victimised to some extent. That doesn't absolve them of all responsibility (I grant that many have then engaged in acts of extremist violence, for example), but it does explain why they are stuck within that high control system.  

If we actually want to undermine democratically the hold that that system has over them, what we can do that is helpful is to recognise that they have concerns, regardless of how sensible we think they are, and to break the news as if breaking bad news, what we have done and the steps we have taken to reassure them that we have not done anything that would amount to wrongdoing in office. This won't change their mind overnight, but it will allow them to start to trust outside of that group, which is essential if you want to try and build the bridges that allow people to come out of cult-like environments.  

Wherever possible, people who are closer to traditional power, are going to be more able to take upon themselves the pressure that comes out of this cult-like group having its power base threatened. I know it's exhausting. I know that it seems ridiculous that we have to do with this. It would also be really nice to not have an orange fascist in charge of one of the largest arsenals in the world.  

---

[Arguably the question is then, "why are we stuck in an awkward position", but this is uncomfortable to answer.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRawNFP2/)

---

The sassier cat I live with has discovered that she can walk across fresh watercolour paint and the only "bad" thing that happens is that the bald monkey says her name, which is everything she ever wanted in life. I will regret this parenting failure, but I also didn't want a green paw printing machine to be created from escalation.  

This is the cat that believes she has as many names as G-d, because she doesn't care what you call her, as long as it's all about her.  

The other cat I live with specialises in words like "chicken", "salmon", "dinner", "share", and understands the timing for four modes of cooking chicken.  

---

So I have a theory about these dude bro Alpha male podcasts, and I'm open to some advice and different takes from the audience that has been taken by them before.  

I aware that the audience I have who fits into that category is unlikely to answer to a poll on LinkedIn and I'm also aware that a bunch of you know how to fuck around with my content feed. So I can take your answers that way.  

Do you think it's possible, the release some of the dude Alpha male podcast guys at the top, all them themselves deeply empty inside to the point that they have decided the way to make themselves feel big and tough is to not only berate other men, but also encourage those other men to be shitty to women, because this increases the scarcity model effect on male-female relationships, making it more likely that they can score with better looking women?  

I appreciate all that is very much open for interpretation and what you value in a partner anyway, but I'm just kind of curious... is it possible that this is just a long game for them to make sure that they are more acceptable in the wider scheme of the dating world, so they are almost deliberately putting other men in a position of not just looking shitty, but also not being able to find girlfriends, so that they themselves find it easier to attract more women?  

Just a thought.  

(I don't know why dictation kept capitalising one word, but it's kind of funny so let's leave it there.)

---

[Watching Nana Akua making Restore Britain guys sweat is my favourite thing today.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRawpDJA/)  

I always wonder why they panic so much if they genuinely feel like their belief is legitimate anyway? Like, if you believe this kind of shit and you're proud of it, why does it bother you so much, when people help you show the world who you are?  


It's all fair game in a democracy, isn't it?  

---

[Did Hasbara not update itself to make a bit more sense? 🤨 You guys are letting it slide. You had your, "we have to, against Jewish law, burn mosques and Qurans because...uh...Hamas put weapons here!" during Iron Swords. Update required.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRawQS8H/)  

For the millionth time: several aspects of this are extremely prohibited in Jewish law, in practically every circumstance, the only override being if it was somehow necessary to do to save the life in a very direct way of another human being. We're thinking a situation like if you didn't go for the fire extinguisher to put out a fire that was creeping towards holy books, but instead chose to attend to a child in danger. That's the level of how ridiculously obvious it would need to be, to use it as a reason to get out of Jewish law prohibiting this. I also don't really understand what type of Christianity the Americans are into, because I guess I just didn't realise that it was this Calvinist? They seem to be pretty much believing that there is a predetermination that other people are destined to die based on their skin colour that they get born with? I think someone should just go and arrest them all. (The white christofascists.)  

I feel like the Supernanny naughty step was made for this current situation.  

I can't over emphasise to other people how much the last four days of war narrative from both the US and the state of Israel are following blow-by-blow the narrative that was used for Operation Iron Swords.  

It's so lazily copied and pasted from 2023 onwards, as a way to mollify the media and the citizenry to not take further action to disrupt trade roots and disrupt economic engagement, that this is genuinely scary as a potential extension of genocide.  

You can also say that it's not that bad right now, but I'm pretty sure if you were in Tehran, you might feel a different way - furthermore when we look at regimes that started doing this at this scale, they became so aggressive that we had to literally defend on our beaches against them.  

Both of these countries have achieved significant violence with pretty much absolute impunity, without effective sanctioning, without total boycotting, and without effective divestmemt. They have both increased the speed of the cycle of violence they go through, and they have both increased in the velocity of the violence that they perpetrate.  

I understand and appreciate that both of them are in allied treaty agreements with our country, however, the way that they are currently acting is already at a point where we would consider sanctions where it pretty much any other country.  

This is an incredibly difficult political position, and kindly if all of the British politicians can please refuse American or Israeli money at this time, that would be greatly appreciated. We don't need the lobby pressure, but also primarily we don't need to potentially be handling that money which may become material support at a later point in legal terms.  

In case you are unaware the United States has already engaged in actions which constitute some of the crimes which make up the larger crime of genocide, the reason they are not currently at the ICJ is because no one has taken them there yet. (Daddy Dragon; are you there?)  

We have international law for a reason, and it's because everything fucking sucked up until 1945 within Europe's own territory, and the effects bled into the US.  

There is a very serious question here about how to mobilise democratically, and to what extent ordinary people like consumers can and should engage in boycott, and to what extent that boycott needs to impact the structures that we have.  

A disorganised boycott is not necessarily as useful as a precisely organised one, and one of the best boycotts that we currently have, is the BDS movement. It only takes around 6% of a population boycotting to make effective change, which is why significant reserves have been used up in order to prop up the West's deregulated apartheid state that it uses to launder what it doesn't want to do in the rest of the West. All of this completely detracts from the ability of Israelis to even democratically engage in their own country, so you shouldn't be opposing it because you think that it would undermine them as democratic citizens. By throwing around words like antisemitism, to defend a particular way in which the West does money, literally locks Israelis into a cycle of violence as a population. It means that whenever they go against the government, they're also going to have to go against you. Last time I checked that didn't really feel very liberatory.  

BDS targets a lot of American high-exploitation capitalism which has done in this way, which is why BDS is so helpful as a established tool with established targets.  

Whilst there may be some specific additional companies or funds to add, there isn't really a need to reinvent the wheel.  

If the US and the state of Israel are essentially acting in tandem, with the state of Israel as a military colony of the United States, which then reproduces that colonial violence, this means that pressure on specific targets within those two markets engages effectively, and brings together the BDS movement as well as the No Kings boycott movement in the United States (I can't remember its name but it was very highly attached to that movement). Whilst the British state is unlikely to be in a position where it can say parts of that publicly, the British media can certainly be aware and awake to what is being said by stakeholders, politicians can be aware and awake to what is being said by lobbyists, and the general public can initiate the democratic momentum so that the people who are in offices within the bureaucracy we engage with, can legitimately say that "the voters want this". The British state often does not make very loud proclamations by itself. The British state does however, much as the United States Senate and the House of Representatives also do, use the sentiment that they can clearly see within the voters in order to push for further change, and to push resistance.  

This might seem like quite a lot to consider at this point, but this already feels like it's going to go in a very bad direction, and planning accordingly is not unsensible, particularly as we need to preserve key infrastructure if anything escalates or becomes more aggressive with those two states, or indeed the state that they are currently engaging in military action towards.  

If this is what pushes my access to power or water supply over the brink, or if my medication supply goes dry, I am going to be quite cross.  

---

[Ban old men from voting on abortion.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaKNkX3/)  

The lot of you can barely get the Epsteins in your own ranks out, so anyone who has encouraged a secretary to have an abortion before, they can't vote on it, anyone who has had an affair outside of marriage as a man, I think they should not be able to vote on it... in fact, I just don't think abortion should be voted upon by anyone who doesn't have a womb.  

That would take out the majority of the Lords.  

---

[Don't we have embedded forces in Lebanon?](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c5y4v8g13wxo)  

Are we gonna go and get them, or are we leaving them there?  

Are we considering perhaps evacuation, maybe?  

---

[Destroying UNESCO sites is some genocidal shit.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRawtU5x/)  

None of this makes it any easier to depose a repressive government.  

---

[Don't worry, lads. Jacob has found out the *real* greatest evil in the modern world. It's all those abortions that stopped you from having more kids to feed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaoFgd7/)  

There's just so much wrong here. Just so much.  

I don't like it when he hides behind a religious rationale because we know that that is not been consistent throughout church history. He doesn't do it here, but it's worth noting that this is never been an immovable thing.  

I think it's deeply fascinating for a very wealthy man to be lecturing on something which is particularly important for the poorest of society to be able to access, with the most obvious person accessing being a woman or a girl (or anyone with a uterus). The men who this would impact the most are poor men because they are most likely to be the people who have relationships with those women. I don't think we can get away from the fact that if somebody of his wealth were to have a child outside of wedlock, he can basically wash his hands at it, and pay a small amount of money relative to his total wealth and that's the worst of the consequences that he may have to live through, and that's before you take your account that some men in that position will decide to use significant legal intimidation. It's not to say that that person has done it, it's to say that people of that background have a history of doing this.  

I mean, having a opinion on women's healthcare when you're a bloke is pretty wild to begin with, when your opinion is to take it away.  

Furthermore, he makes no separation for treatment of miscarriage which is very similar in law in the United Kingdom, and the treatment options are extremely similar if not the same.  

The most important point for all of these men to take home, is that at the same time as taking away the right to treatment called termination, whether that's for miscarriage or abortion, none of these men have any help to give these women and girls. None of these men want to invest in childcare. None of these men want to invest in free school meals. None of these men want to do anything that would take children out of poverty.  

Until they do, they have absolutely nothing of merit to add to this conversation.  

---

I keep thinking a lot about that clip with restore Britain...  

I think we need to make the British version of whatever German school kids have to go through when they go to see the concentration camps, but what I'm saying that we should do our version I really mean like... some of you just need to learn British history.  

I'm not even saying we have to do all the nasty bits by themselves, I just don't think you really understand what the Angles and the Saxons were, or how they weren't the first people, they were just the predominant people in England when the Normans came. I don't think you know how old England is. I don't think you know how old Britain is. I don't think you know the history prior to that at all.  

This whole idea of "ancient" is really complicated by the fact that low pigment skin is actually very recent, and it was not necessarily the original skin colour of people in Europe eiiithhheeerrrrrr....  

For a section of the population who is fucking obsessed with going to tanning beds, we are so obsessed with the need to retain this really specific genetic characteristic - I just think it's weird. The level of obsession is weird. It only makes sense if you had a system for hundreds of years where you enslaved other people on the basis of that skin pigment concentration... oh wait.  

(But fr why are you this bothered. It's embarrassing. We look like the that old guy who can't stop talking about something that happened 50 years to everybody else. Def a "Darren".)  

---

["No to a rich man's war with poor people's bodies."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaoEoMY/)  

I'm here for it.  

I appreciate this is what I'm spending half my time talking about currently, but I'm fleshing out where I want to go in terms of writing something more concrete about it.  

When you talk to people who are on this "far left", not any of those people are saying that we can't defend ourselves. What people are saying is that continuous aggression, with no clear end in sight, and with the cost of human life being so high, is bullshit.  

I'm not saying there's not more to it than that, but I am saying that that is a significant portion of what people are saying in those spaces. You essentially have solid directly across a huge range of opinions in that sort of movement, because we're so far from that now, that there's almost no point in quibbling about finer details.  

That's what makes this term far left pre-laughable, because within that "far left", you'll get people who are reasonably socially conservative, they just also don't like seeing kids getting blown to pieces. You would think that was pretty baseline for human decency. If that's what it takes to be radical these days, the bar is pretty low for radical.  

---

[What's interesting about this is that you're essentially getting an AI product his owners may reasonably have to answer to the international court of justice over what happened when it was tested, and you're targeting it at a civilian population, which is backed with a military with cybersecurity warfare knowledge and capability, and for which there are several superpowers in the background that may opt up to support it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm1Dk2u/)  

There is no such thing as being too far gone to de-escalate. Never. That said, we are on a pretty horrendous trajectory right now.  

---

[And the next white person who says that we have to go there for "Jewish safety", but completely ignores that this is what's happening in Israel? Fuck you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRm1pLhF/)  

Western powers continuously put their own business interests ahead of his Israel is actually being able to resist a government which has not only been a catastrophe for Palestinians, but it has also been repressive to Israelis - because it is a repressive government, because it is arguably not a democratic party which is in government. Likud is not a highly democratically engaged party; Likud is a nationalist expansionist party. I don't know how else to say it to you without saying a word that you are going to jump up and down about me saying, even when respectfully, as a Jew, you have positioned me as far more alike to that country than to our own fucking country here.  

One day that wall, that illegal wall, around Gaza will be nothing but dust and ashes.  

When that day comes, be honest about which side you were on.  

---

[Because the key to getting British people on board is insulting their PM; you may as well have insulted their mothers.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmJfwj4/)  

[Al Jazeera on the last 24 hours.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmJauAq/)  

[I don't think the discussion is unwelcome, but my default setting is always going to be emergent safety first.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmJGpBa/)  

[We are... against annexing the West Bank?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmJbx8h/) This is "good" (before now would have been ideal) – this is... surprising.  

(What did the lobby do to piss us off this much? This is highly irregular.)  
["Democracy Volunteers" brought up a http protocol error for a user, which may become interesting if replicable.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRmJVng6/)  

---

Of all the times that the UK government could improve snd be sensible, why did it have to be just after I wrote about Chamberlain to the nazi policy boys as an audience 🫠🫠🫠  

My brothers: Trump is not your Messiah, and JD Vance is not St Thomas.  

Saint Thomas was supposed to be clever, the man you're looking at is @so dense that the air bends around him".  

---
