🇺🇸: What you are seeing in terms of misinformation and disinformation, is something called "flooding the zone", and at least in terms of the West, it can be traced back pretty much to one specific political actor, who first advocated for this when he worked on Trump's first election campaign.  
 
Oh of course he was yapping to Jeff Epstein. It's all the same small insufferable club of small insufferable men.  

---

🇮🇱: I think I just also need the West to understand that Yair Lapid, the most obvious candidate in opposition to Netanyahu for Prime Minister, is far, far to the right by our standards.  

The Israeli left has been consistently undermined for about 40 years; it is very rare to have a movement come out that can agitate against the state in a way that is effective at directly challenging the state, because there is so much restriction and censure, which is inherently part of the state apparatus. This has been the case more or less since 1967 and *that* war.  

This would be best discussed by people who were active or have been active on what is considered the far left of Israel's political spectrum; there is a reason that it is far more normal to be considered an anarchist there, than it is here.  

If you want a particularly interesting story, look up the story of Mizrahi Jews and the Israeli Black Panthers. They started having some collaboration with the PLO, so the state came down very hard on them, in order to disrupt that kind of solidarity. That was Golda Meir days.  Please don't send me memes, guys.  

There does this really strange tension that exists in some spaces of needing to "prove" that Israeli politics is capable of having the same spectrum as a Western democracy, & I think that's a very flattening narrative, because we are just not looking at the same state history. I'm not going to get into the full thing, my views are very clear throughout this piece of work, so we can give me a break just before bedtime, but when Israelis say that  we do not understand their situation as white people and/or as Jews in the West, they are not being wholly unfair. That doesn't excuse the perpetration of genocide and it doesn't excuse the illegal occupation or the apartheid, but understanding why is Israelis got to where they are today, is important for us to be able to understand how the cycle of violence stops.  

We might also want fewer people in the Epstein files involved next time. G-d forbid we might actually allow self-determination of the people who actually live on the land.  

The current state of play is still that Gaza has its borders locked by other people, and there is no other way to get food in, and the majority of the land is not currently in a steady farming cycle, due to the scale of man-made damage to the arable land.  

The Flotilla was ongoing, but the closure of the Strait of Hormuz (largely because Iran is controlling its sovereign territory, secondary to US naval forces being there), has significantly complicated matters.  

The number of people I've seen draw lines on maps that essentially cut up the Gulf of Arabia as if you can just sort this out by terraforming like you were in a video game, is seriously concerning. The war in Ukraine is in part being conducted because of the building of a canal as a supply line. Do we need to talk about all of the crises named after the canals that had territorial challenges?  

The idea of Americans just doing this when America fired the first shot, is... it's something else.  

I am however, deeply aware that some of the content which is flooding the zone, is deliberately designed to provoke anger or fear or disgust.  
This is a complicated time.  

---

[🇱🇧: Holy shit, we've hardly ever done this since the Iraq war.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8VyGA/)  

---

[🇺🇸: There is a conversation to be had here as well, for what this is doing psychologically to a lot of our veterans, many of whom have trauma from the work that they've done, and many of whom have had their assistance cut (whether VA, MOD... what does it matter when no one wants to pay?).](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8xaYE/)  

This also follows a very disturbing trend in the last decade also, where we are essentially pushing people far past the point which is safe, and at the same time it's almost as if we are accepting that tossing them to one side is acceptable, and we are not actually trying to prevent harms, yet also still locking them into reasonably coercive and controlling contracts for the rest of their lives.  

Just a thought. I don't like where this is going.  

---

[🇱🇧: This is desecration of graves.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8akE9/)  

The fact that there's a particular story in the minds of senior officials, does not remove from the fact that it is dedicating the graves of other people. They need to perform this attempt of using something like investigational or archaeology as it means of control and colonisation, does have parallels in history.  

---

[🇮🇷: Iran has threatened strikes on Israel's nuclear facilities. cf. Russian forces at Chenobyl over time.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu89ycN/)  

---

🇵🇸: Before I hear any Western journalist talk about the cheers of Palestinians when Israel is being bombed, let's talk about it.  

[This is a clip of it, if you don't want to watch it, don't watch it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu89ycN/)  

The first thing that we have to say, is that it's very different for people who are actively under a genocide, compared to us as Westerners.  

I'm going to make the really obvious comparison: if you were interned in a concentration camp during the Holocaust, and you cheered because you could see bombs being dropped in the distance, we would not judge you. The entire Palestinian population is the target of the genocide; this is a genocide that has escalated over the course of time, and as we ourselves are not survivors of genocide in the most part, we probably should not be judging them. No one else (but regiemes we regard as inherently adversarial) has done anything that might help them escape the reality that they are in. The West Bank is being annexed, violently and brutally. Gaza is currently at famine or an immediate risk of famine. No one gets to judge people who are under the conditions of an active genocide.  

So the question from there, is what do we do as people in the West, if we are not also Palestinian?  

The first thing we can do is do not criticise anyone who wears Palestinian or has Palestinian family, for whatever their response might be. Even if that's really fucking uncomfortable. I don't really care, the circumstances are that you let them have whatever their emotions are. Interfering is not helpful.  

Then it's an interesting question, and I've had lots of discussions with us with lots of different people.  

We are in a place where a complicated response is normal. For that reason, a larger variety of emotions are going to be within a normal range.  


Something that we can do that is often quite helpful, especially if we feel ourselves siding with one group of people, is to try and focus our anger on systems, rather than people, and to attempt to humanise any people that we may not ordinarily have empathy or sympathy for. My saying this comes after having had a variety of conversations, and having seen this advice in different iterations across different creators. The first time that someone close to me realised that they were dehumanising a group of people, was actually quite some time ago. The first time I realised I was doing it was quite some time ago. Part of the process of humanity is that it is a process and a journey to be alive on this planet, and they are going to be times where your brain makes shortcut decisions and choices, and it is often a conscious effort to resist the black-and-white thinking that we are encouraged to have when it comes to armed conflict.  

You were never going to get a simple answer from me, but that's because this isn't really a simple question; if we're really honest about it, the question of who to condemn and who not to is a Western luxury, when it is the homes of people across the Middle East that are on fire.  

We are not used to doing this kind of critical thinking, we've been deterred from it for quite awhile, and it will take practice. Hang in there.  

---

[🇱🇧: This is the reality of what a forced evacuation order looks like, for a fairly fit guy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8tMhe/) Like, this is your best case scenario. ask yourself if you are really in a place where this would be a simple act for you, oh and by the way, all of your stuff is still in your house. You'll just have to hope that it doesn't get hit. I don't think insurance is going to cover that.  

---

[🇮🇷: The Telegraph has this video about Iran's threats of retaliation, and what's interesting is to see all of the comments, and reflect on how difficult it is to argue with that now.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu8n4v8/)  

We told everyone to get educated to get degrees, and then we were left wondering why they found it very difficult to keep accepting this line that Israel had the right to defend itself, when what it was doing was a genocide or at the very least multiple war crimes and multiple acts of aggression, in Gaza. Now, we are reaping what we have sewn on that one, because that narrative is now the reason why you are seeing the IRGC being blanket-defended. This doesn't allow people to take seriously any argument that their response may not be in compliance with international law, or that their regieme may not deserve to govern, especially because the US, with the State of Israel, attacked sovereign territory.  

This is the cost of using more time narratives which do not make any sense once critical reasoning is applied.  

This is the cost of the death of International law, or an international rules based order, so I would consider carefully whether you would rather keep continuing to do this or whether you'd like to rebirth a world where there is an international standard and this is applied with more justice and more equality.  

---

Blackrock potentially being tanked, after materially supporting genocide and having reasonable knowledge?  
Doesn't bother me, friend.  
Leave it to the big G, innit.  
I know who's in that funding pool, and I know how much they were asked to make wiser financial decisions.  

---

There are some rumours active, so idk veracity, but please can we clarify:  

Please can we choose a common definition of "hostage" and "prisoner", and clarify?  

One is more emotive than another, and words are more powerful than bombs; if we recognise a term in one context, can we please just be functionally consistent, in terms of establishment news outlets?  

We standardised English, and for this?  

Fun fact, we actually standardised it as a result of wartime and shared communication over distance and varying populations.  

---

I also need to hear Western and Israeli leadership discuss the immediate plans to provide nutrition, WASH facilities, and medical care to Gaza.  

When we occupy, when we build walls, when we start wars, their welfare is on our hands.  

Otherwise we have to consider thaf this war is a pretext for furthering genocide.  

What's the plan to feed Gaza?  

You can also see how many leaders are so unserious about ending the illegal occupation, because there are several obvious ways in which this could be interrupted strategically, but that's not what is happening.  

Every senior actor is happy to leave the regieme as is.  

The sound of the egotism leading the battlefield from afar, is loud and clear.  

This is why no one needs to support any specific government, even when fully supporting the people.  

There are people stuck starving to death, behind an illegal wall, and every senior leader is leaving that status quo as is.  

Don't celebrate breadcrumbs forever; improvement can be rewarded, but pressure must continue.  

---

I'm thinking a lot about these challenges to pre-existing law that either lessen discrimination or prevent discrimination, or sometimes just accommodate for the differences between people on this island because that's a normal thing to do.  

Whilst I think there's a more systematic question we could be asking, because we can see that there's probably a pattern to which laws they're going to target next, I wpuld like to note that I'm just quite impressed at the chutzpah at this point.  

In the form of the halal and kosher food bill, in order to try and look like you're not just being Islamophobic, you've decided to involve the most logical-argument-equipped section of the Jewish community, because we essentially have a system of lawyers on religious law in order to adjudicate on food production *including live on site*, and you obviously decided, "yeah, those people who discuss in serious detail the intricate arguments in the Talmud? I want to fight those people, and I want to fight them using systems of logic that they are super familiar with".  
Like I said, quite some chutzpah, in the Yiddish (not Yinglish) sense.  

The other thing I've been thinking about is this equality act business, and this didn't initially ping with me because my gynaecology history means that my period's particular double life as a demon from Hell falls under the realm of disability anyway, but I've just realised how fun it would've been (and might still be) if we start asking all of the Reform UK politicians what they're going to do about the common problems which can happen on your period as a woman at work, especially when what you do involves a uniform, or involves health and safety, or it involves manual work. I'm not even going for a perceived decrease in performance, I'm going for things like what happens if I experience flooding at work, and I have to change my uniform, should my boss dock 15 minutes of paid time? Is this alternatively a RIDDOR incident? Does my boss have to class it as one anyway, and will the government give him a refund on the 15 minutes that I took to change my uniform? Or is it the preference that I would just hang around in clothes sodden in blood? A bit like a rugby match, is it the case that it's okay if my shirt is bloody, but it's when it goes onto the pitch that it becomes an issue? I just want to clarify, before I agree for the right to not walk around in bloody clothes to be dissolved.  

There is also nothing I would love more than to see individual characters of this movement try and work out what a period is, or what that realistically looks like. So in this post-apocalyptic time of strange entertainment, it would be quite funny to me, and that would help me get through the potential nuclear war that we might be facing.  

I don't think we should give them any help and advice on it either, because I think any woman who does have a vote, needs to hear how they're going to describe "woman things", without help.  

I ask it partly, because I assume that that if they come to power, the main primary treatment we have in this country for AUB/DUB is probably going to be outlawed, saying that it is not appropriate to stop fertility. I mean, I thought bleeding for 7 to 14 days at a time was a pretty hard barrier on easy fertility, but I guess the men would know best. (I don't even mean if you have a blanket thing where you don't have sex on your period, but just because when you lose that much blood, it is quite tiring.) There is also a further set of questions to ask about what the plan would be if I was going to be a good mother for the state, and have many children, but I still bleed for that amount of time, because surely that means that I get my husband to be off work and assist with the children when I'm bleeding, right? I just assumed that you're that bothered about the great replacement theory, which whilst it is complete bullshit, you clearly believe in, so surely you'd allow my husband to take paternity leave frequently in order for me to just survive? Or is it more the case that he gets to have a second wife? What's the deal here? what if he just has a really bad run and has like five wives who all have some sort of problem with their period? What then? Seeing as we're all going to sync up anyway, do not think the guy gets to have a break from the mines? Sorry, I meant the office. I forgot that we weren't in the industrial revolution era, sorry, where the poor were lucky to live, because they are inherently replaceable.  

I feel like the branding campaign in the marketing was just prepared better for Project 2025 when it was in the United States, so whatever this knockoff version is (and we always get the worse, cheaper version when it comes to UK editions), I just don't think this was that well thought through.  

Did no one realise how petty UK people would be about any of this?  

We are petty enough to queue politely for hours and then complain *in writing* about it.  

Does no one realise how difficult we're going to be if there's actually started to come in as sweeping changes to a system of law? We're going to need to have a new medal awarded by the King just for who can be the most fucking petty.  

---

[🇷🇺: This is how we get into a situation, where Russia genuinely looks like the reasonable party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuFQPhy/)  

---

> "[T]he closer the real possibility of liberating the individual from the constraints once justified by scarcity and immaturity, the greater the need for maintaining and streamlining these constraints lest the established order of domination dissolve."  


> "They will not force us; they will stop degrading us."

> "The subliminal mindfuck, America...  
> One nation controlled by the media, "Information Age" of hysteria...  
> Where everything isn't meant to be okay.  
> In television, dreams of tomorrow.  
> We're not the ones meant to follow, for that's *enough*: to argue."

> "They're gonna clean up your looks,  
> With all the lies in the books,  
> To make a citizen out of you.  
> Because they sleep with a gun,  
> And keep an eye on you, son,  
> So they can watch all the things you do."  

---

I just want to reiterate how much this rumoured police raid on Rupert Lowe, instigated potentially by Reform UK as a sort of bitchy slap in the face, lives rent free in my mind.  
The man has teased me; I really do need the tea on this one.  

I appreciate that there are bigger things going on in the world, but quite a lot of of my brain is now occupied with what the fuck happened here.  

Do I agree with any of these people's politics? No. Do I need to hear the soap opera drama that happened behind the scenes? Absolutely yes.  

Wider societal culture of getting celebrities off islands, competative demi-amateur-demi-profesional ballroom dancing, and "keeping up" with the Kardashians rather than the Jones', has primed me for this moment.  

Sis *knows* he wants to spill that tea.  

---

[🇬🇧: I love how the COVID-19 enquiry is talking about things like people feeling pressured to get vaccines, but isn't talking about how it has become very normalised to treat people who are in mental health hospitals alike to prisoners again, which is literally the reason that we even started to have conversations about how to legalise the process,  and we have never actually fully taken the basis of eugenics out of the UK legislation on this matter.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuY2PB1/)  

Is anyone who has lived, worked, or experienced this, actually being involved in any of the decision-making process around any of these things?  

I personally can't wait for all the times that someone who is in for a acute episode of psychosis, legitimately cannot be assessed properly, because actually they are being surveilled by hidden cameras in the walls. Has anyone thought about how that might make things worse?  

I also just need people to think about what people do in their bedrooms, and ask whether or not it's really okay to be monitoring that without filtering; there's actually exposes stuff even more to elements of the patient's own decisions to make in their own space, that staff do not necessarily need nor want to see, and which imposes a type of sexual abuse towards staff as well.  

Are we making all of these decisions by AI and balance sheet, or is anyone actually involved on a human level?  
Is The Pentagon now running the NHS?  

Oh no, wait, that's what Palantir is for. 🤣🤣🤣  

On a very serious note, this represents another step further on the dehumanisation of people who are unwell, particularly anyone whose health condition is mental health related. This is not good.  

---

[🇺🇸/🇬🇧: Can someone please tell the small orange yappy man that we are not joining his war, for we are not at war; what we are doing is defending our sovereign assets and our allies, who are being bombed as a result of his actions.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuYynk9/)  

Ask someone who is actually pretty pro-pulling-out-of-overseas-territories in general, I still would like to ask that the orange man fucks off, when it comes to our defending who and what we already have treaties and agreements to defend.  

Britain is merely answering on her promises, she is not beating to the drum of a man who does not know how to use fake tan.  

Are the pale circles around the eyes so that we can't tell when he's crying, because he has underestimated the fire power of another sovereign state? (Or does he actually believe that that is attractive?)  

20% of the world's oil supply cannot currently be transported, and prices are through the roof, but I'm sure this is all part of "The Plan", as Q promised us. Isn't that what you said last time?  

Or is it the potential of the domino effect caused by Blackrock potentially liquidating, that drives him to be so... grandiose?  

The man cannot keep his own citizens alive, and is apparently quite determined to set fire to his own country, yet it seems also has a lot to say about a country that he has been reduced to hurling insults at on social media, in order to attempt to intimidate. And for what? If you do not want us to join your war? What is the purpose of this? None of this makes any difference to how small your hands are.  

Although the term "man" is probably quite generous, considering how much spin is being put on disclosure of previously unreleased files, which alleged significant crimes in regards to this president; the only reason that these are ever kept from public view is *obviously* because a president is very popular, the allegations are clearly false, and there is no truth to anything whatsoever.  

Is this an Islamist plot, a Democrat plot, a Jihadist plot, an antizionist plot, or perhaps is this a Deep State™️ plot? I just want to know what on earth you're trying to tell us this is.  

I am rather looking forward to you actually addressing the child sex trafficking that you promised everyone that you would during your first campaign to get elected, however. I am very much looking forward to seeing any KPIs of any sense being returned in that regard.  

I heard there's a little black book that can be called around, but perhaps that is a secret plot as well.  

I've never known of a man have so many apparent secret invisible enemies, who is not in the situation of having secret cameras watch him all day.  

---

[🇦🇪: Oh, and the Gulf states are rather important for shipping in terms of air freight. Just a thought.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuYH5rk/)  

---

[🇬🇧/🇺🇸: I would like to request some memeage. Please, calling all theatre kids: this is your moment.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuYGdm8/)  

This is a very good example of how soft power can be wielded, and how it can be used as leverage. Whilst all these men are really proud of their independence, because they are also colonisers themselves, they do derive a lot of of meaning from being able to host the monarchs of the territory that they feel they originate from. It's like having parents evening at school, and getting to show that your parents that you're not a complete loser who does nothing, "look at this thing on the wall that my teacher put up that I made".  

To put it in rather blunt and rather unkind terms, these men are always looking for Daddy's approval, and the capacity to withhold Daddy's approval until they get their shit together, is a diplomatic tool that we have.  

Is it the weirdest diplomatic tool? Probably not, although it does rank in the top 10 weirdest.  

Because this way of looking at the world can be inherently dehumanising, I would like to draw some boundaries and say that we are talking about the person who is the current monarch, and therefore The Office of the Crown, rather than the guy himself, necessarily.  

---

> "What comes next?  
> You've been freed.  
> Do you know how hard it is to lead?  
> You're on your own.  
> (Awesome, wow!)  
> Do you have a clue what happens now?  
> 
> Oceans rise, empires fall:  
> It's much harder when it's all your call.  
> All alone, across the sea.  
> When your people say they hate you?  
> Don't come crawling back to me."  

Have you noticed that that bit never really got memed?  

---

["Christian nationalism isn't Christian... biblically, (it's) just bollocks."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuYb4Cp/)  

Thank you for the Christians who are putting themselves out there and having these conversations. We know that some of you have been doing this for a long time, and we're very grateful that you're putting yourself in a position where you can be more heavily criticised than the more easy option you could take.  


---

[🇺🇸/🇮🇷: Seeing people who used to work in the CIA talk about how this does not make sense to them, as a regieme change mechanism, should really be ringing in the alarm bells very clearly for anyone who is still pro the idea of having Western imperialism, because your experts at regime change in other countries are basically telling you that this does not make any sense as a plan.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRuYQsgS/)  

There is now evidence that suggests that oil is falling from the sky with rain, in Iran, because of the degree of ecological damage which is already present as a result of bombing the oil refineries, and the nature of the water cycle. The US has bombed water sanitation facilities; damaged WASH facilities ultimately harms civilians primarily. (WASH facilities were targeted during the genocide of Gaza, a place which as I would like to remind you, is enduring an imminent feminine because of the same parties decisions to close the border for no reason.) If you think that what you're dealing with as a hostile government, that government is more likely to reserve sanitation for its leadership, so why would you think this was a good idea?  

There is compounding evidence that suggests that US military is largely engaged in widespread carpet bopping without any goals other than to cause maximal damage, which is not a safe option if what you are doing is trying to destabilise a government, an ideology, or a movement. Quite conversely, what is being done by both of United States and the State of Israel, are actions which are almost how to guide for entrenching insurgent warfare, deep ideological politics, and whether it be the current regime or a different regime, authoritarianism of some description, even further.  

The biggest beneficiary of this is still Gasprom.  

I would like to reiterate to those of you who think that those of us on the left are soft, that is not necessarily the case, some of us are standing here because we know that the old ways of doing things got us into World War II and some of us do not personally want to go through another Cold War.  

Decolonisation is in our best interests. We can't do it in a heartbeat right now, but this is the cost of being engaged in that manner, and it is all warmongering that needs to calm itself down a little bit. you are not helping the average person in your home countries be able to afford their groceries, be able to access what they want for leisure or for enjoyment, you're not helping them with the security of jobs or the markets. I'm happy to engage with you if you hold a degree of consistency in your economic policy, whether consistency is anything other than making a very small group of men rich. If your economic policy is really just drifting for these guys, we don't really have a basis of shared understanding of the world, so it is quite hard to discuss where we should go.  

---

[🇬🇧/🕎: This is interesting, because it's a peace on Sky News, and whilst it's a lot better than the previous coverage around issues like this, there are a lot of things which are being conflated into this or that which is rather flattening for the Jewish experience.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu2AWfm/)  

Brighton and Hove are not the same place, and there are different social attitudes in both, and there's a different class story between both. It's not very clear that there are Jewish organises within that BDS campaign. It's also not very clear from how this is presented, why BDS target specific companies. Sabra Hummus is not a very neutral company. This is frustrating however where you slice it, because for example I'm one of those people who are being portrayed as being a problem, and I've done a lot of work to try and get arms money out out of public funds where they're not usually declared, and the public doesn't usually have informed knowledge that they're there. Apart from the fact that no one has mentioned that if the UK withheld weapon sales this would be a materially significant action that might take the pressure of people who feel that they need to escalate more locally in order to uphold the genocide conventions, what is also really noticeable is this idea that British Jews who are either non-Zionist or antizionist or diasporist, do not also experience racism like antisemitism. Of course we do. Sometimes we experience it with even more ferocity, because people feel that as we are political Jews, we have put ourselves into a place of "deserving it", or if somehow wanting or wishing the visa upon ourselves. We are also not protected by the police in the same way as if we were able to safely use ordinary resources that are available. this is a shame because this is an example of how mainstream use which is obviously not affiliated to any particular Jewish group, is essentially utilised as a way to keep those divides in place.  

The amount of everyone filming each other is really a representation of how much that type of documentation has been really pushed by some parties during the last few years, and how the only way to have any evidence against them, if what they're trying to get on camera is something that looks like you reacting badly, is to take your own footage so that you have evidence of showing what was done as in instigation or provocation, because again this became common. Regardless of which parties were actually doing this, there were a lot of tactics which were familiar of the tactics from for example the spy cops operatives, that currently part of the undercover policing inquiry; there was evidence of manufactured circumstances in which there was encouragement to go further than you might ordinarily, and it's really unclear still to many people People whether or not that was evidence of infiltration by covert policing, or whether it was a outside party, or whether it was the degree of pressure cooker stress situation that came out of that.  

It's really difficult because you look at it and you feel like something doesn't make sense for this to be purely community to community disagreement, there's definitely something that's been put in for an extra bit of spice (if you like), and it's still really unclear whether that was alt right agitators, whether that was undercover policing, whether that was from another state, whether that was corporate surveillance gone a little too far... it's very unclear.  

Those kind of fractures between communities will never heal until there is honesty about whatever the fuck that was, and I think it would be very silly for the British state to pretend that it does not in some way know what happened, there.  

---

[🇺🇸: Ladies and gentlemen, there is finally a clip where Pete Hegseth looks like the more normal voice in the room.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu2FkQF/)  

Not saying anything that he says makes sense, but he definitely seems more normal, and this is how people will stack up different personalities to always make someone who is saying something that is still pretty crazy, seem normal by comparison.  

This is like when you are kids and one of the siblings that you are part of is "the good child" in comparison to the rest of you, which means that sometimes they don't get told off even when they're part of the problem.  

---

[🇬🇧: Further Larry-related business. V important.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRu2PGrm/)  

---
