[🇬🇧: Green Party DDoS.](https://www.thecanary.co/skwawkbox/2026/03/28/green-party-conference-system/)  

What is really interesting is how very much time to specifics some of these things are, so I'll be documenting it here shortly.  

Someone did their research, and the point is to cause as much chaos and to slow down the process as much as possible, it would seem.  

Due to the context of the motion, this is an attack on Palestinian and British Palestinian involvement in UK politics. This is a direct attack on any attempt to hold accountability in the UK for an active genocide.  

So obviously, no one can possibly imagine whether interference may originate from.  

(If anyone is actively experiencing this, can you please document what you're getting and when, and take screenshots as appropriate. The idea is not necessary to flood the team with them, but to have the evidence there.)  

It should be noted that this isn't the first time something has happened like this to the green party in that it is used to doing remote activity, it is used to organising like this, this is exceptional.  
Something that should be noted as that we've already seen in a number of other parties, small technical error is happening at key moments of conferencing, this is just a much more significant event.  


As per the 2.5 million words, can confirm this is just part and parcel of having ever said that the state of Israel isn't perfect; for me, this seems to be less to do with Jewish identity or indeed with radicalisation, as much as it has to do with keeping a deregulated market.  

We are also going to demonstrate the importance of contemporaneous documentation, however imperfect.  

Let it be a lesson for the Prime Minister.  

---

Draft becaise I haven't eaten yet and zzz:  

Note: a lot of this is possible with people genuinely acting in best faith, but what you do as somebody who sat on the outside, is that your target everyone's individual devices, to make everyone's experience as difficult as possible, and you do specific things to the people who are voting in a way that you feel is inconvenient.  

- Links to vote are unavailable or unactive, until voting time has completed
- Repeated cloudflare failures
- Unusual pattern of chat behaviour, creating stressful environment for anyone dealing with the tech or chairing (in the party of treehuggers, having to actually say to people that they need to mind their manners a little bit because that's how bad it got, it is extremely strange, even when things are tense and even when things are heated, they have usually hugged enough trees that no one has this energy). 
- Two potential loopholes exist to get non-members in, only on specific operating systems (this is odd not to not have discovered prior, as the party is reasonably technically literate, so ? if something unusual today.) one is via link, and one is via mobile.  
- Repeated outages for sound from the chair; often at key moments.  
- Specific motions and movements choices are occurring at the most disruptive time in processing procedure, ? External nudging of individuals to increase disruption. Motion of no confidence divided an already technical vote from the chair on an amendment to a British Palestinian-led motion. Whilst very possiblevto be in good faith, highly convenient if filibuster desired, prob result of repeated sound loss as much as anything if genuinely raised.  
- Because this is a vote of profound importance to many people, there are people who are actively holding open the voting pages while the home is busy, or at work, who are relying upon accurate timings being given in order to submit their vote. This is because they have done their research in advance, they know what they would like, and they are waiting for the right times and for the system to work. These people have not necessarily been able to vote.

---

Bro the technicalities. an excellent example of working through a problem, though. I also didn't know the greens had to reddit. This is amazing.  

---

> Look up, it's the right sound.  
> Venus in thе night sky –  
> Screaming through the skyline.  
>
> Maybe there's enough food to go around.  
>
> Enough homes for the homeless in your town.  
>
> Of course that's ridiculous...  
> Why would you even mention it?
>
> Posterous.  
> Unthinkable.  
> Obvious.  
> Impossible.  
>
> Prop dropping knowledge, and it's unrealistic.  
> Laws of physics evident we'll never get past them.  
> A world without war? Imagine.  
>
> Imagine shooting a beam  
> From a thing you carrying  
> In your pocket  
> To outer space...  
>
> Imagine being strapped in a chair that's in the air –  
> Traveling at mach speed,  
> Mocking the laws of gravity.
> 
> But *y'all* stay mad at *me*?  
>
> 
> ..."What does does all this amount to?  
> Y'all so talented - *why you out here?*   
Is this seriously what y'all trying to be?"
> We like, "We can't aim at what we can't see"...  
> 
> A breathing receipt of that you can do the same.  
> Don't believe me?  
> Keep streaming;  
> I'll help you see it.  
> I keep affirming you nerds until you believe it.  
> The future is yours –  
> It's up to you to keep it.  
> The world's exactly the product of how you leave it.  
> Letting go of the person you wish to be,  
> And embracing innate greatness:  
> Imagine the possibility.
>
> *We Don't Know Impossible* & *The Possibility*, Propaganda's *Terraform*

"Your ancestors is asking; 'when you finna tap in?'"  

---

Unapologetically, I am thinking that there is a very specific company which has the capacity to DDoS (which isn't illegal in the UK, in and of itself, and definitely a choice if it's trying to wrap it up to hide behind Zionism), which is later in the conference, and if this keeps happening, you can't pass that motion – on my lack of apology comes from how much I am thinking that maybe they need reminding of what a DDoS can look like.  

I so wish there were fax machines still  in the wider world; far more fun, back in the day.  

It's a lot to say that you don't want your offices painted, what about tinfoil? Are we against that?  

It's only ever fun if you can play both ways.  

---

maybe next time we need to have every Company with a potential motion against them put at the front so that we can get all of the horror of weaponising process and being little lawyers with point and click powers out of the way upfront, although the group chats are amazing.  

I'm starting to think that at no point should anyone have given any of the lawyers a mouse. Clearly an entire class of people that cannot be trusted with this technology.

---

i'm completely blaming these people for the current centroid I'm in, and I've had a heart react to a lot of things that I wouldn't normally, because I had to keep the string of weird that I've just had on my phone.  

this is why we shouldn't judge people with data exhaust; it's incredibly inaccurate.  

---

(I would say that this could be the same company that maybe keeping the Prime Minister hostage, but honestly from some of the photos it's a little unclear whether he is trying to keep them hostage. Or sausage whichever English word we are using for this.). 

(go through the handshake photos, there are some fantastic ones for captioning - "I caught one!" as an obvious start)

---

also no data processor actually needs to retain the data where it is processed, in order to access it, particularly if they have any surveillance contacts.  

The degree of performed naivety is really quite something.  

legally, they don't technically need to access it at the point of them being an official company, or in the official contract that they're using, to legally acquire it through other means.  

The idea that we have people in a senior position who are legally trained to are pretending not to understand this, it's quite exceptional.  

If they don't understand it, truly, then that knowledge quite frankly is out of date, to govern in the current world with the current technology and the current threats to democracy in situ.  

I can accept that this is a trainable issue, but what I cannot accept as a refusal to engage with the reality in front of us.  

---

it is interesting and notable at what point of the day the voting system has suddenly started working apparently a lot smoother. Amazing what you can do when you just say things out loud, and produce contemporaneous documentation. It's interesting that something that we have come across so frequently, seems particularly responsive to this capacity to produce contemporaneous, public, timestamped, documentation.

I didn't make the obvious connection that I should have, until I realised more about where this was probably coming from in respect to my own dealings, because quite frankly if something was purely ideological, it wouldn't respond in that way.  

This is something that responds to legal risk. 

"you make me do too much labour".  

One of them isn't even legal, it's financial; possibly why it feels incredibly threatened by people who can write in sentences in a convincing manner.  

---

> Apologies from my tongue, and never yours -  
> Busy lapping from flowing cup and stabbing with your fork.  
> I know you're a smart man,   
> And weaponise  
> The false incompetence – it's dominance under a guise.
>
> I think it's so cute and I think it's so sweet,  
How you let your friends encourage you to try and talk to me.  
But let me stop you there, before you speak:—  
> 
> My name is No.  
> My sign is No.  
> My number is: No.  
>
> First you gonna say you ain't runnin' game.  
> (Thinking I'm believing every word?)  
> Call me beautiful - so original.  
> Telling me I'm not like other girls.  
>
> I was in my zone,  
> before you came along,  
> now I'm thinking maybe you should go.

"I am the devil that you forgot", dear.  

there is something very powerful in the experience of being a woman engaging in politics at all, including women who may only vote once every few years and that is their input in politics, in that there is a significant amount of the political system which replicates coercive control experienced on an interpersonal level. It should be incredibly meaningful to us when any attempts at listening harm towards women in an interpersonal space are interrupted, because to reduce any of these things would lead to an exponential increase in the capacity for women to politically engage.  

And why should you have politically engaged women?  

Apart from this idea of equity, is there another justification?  

Of course, women typically when empowered increase the quality of life the education and the standing of their children, regardless of whether or not they were late to become women.  

This idea of arguing against feminism on the basis of giving respect to men is frankly ridiculous, because women time and time again choose their children with priority, half of which are statistically fairly likely to become men.  

choosing women always means choosing children, and choosing children always means choosing the next generation. Movements of feminism therefore are never simply about women, but they do prioritise people who are not necessarily you, and they prioritise creation over destruction.  

investing in women is to invest in the long-term, regardless of which society you're in, and regardless of what your cultural inclinations are. Violence against women is always violence against the entire of humanity, simply because it is always violence against creation.  

keep voting for the males who are nihilists if you wish, but you cannot start arguing about how much you want women to produce children in the same breath, and also demand we do not call you a hypocrite. some logical premises simply cannot all be true at the same time.  

---

> Watch out for your neighbors – be careful who you know –  
> Or you might be called to testify – you might have to go  
> In front of the committee, where it will be assumed  
> You’re guilty as charged by every juror in the room.  
> You can join the blacklist or watch out for what you say.  
> Beware of who you talk to or you might also see the day,  
> When you’re called to Congress, to be questioned by the ones  
> With the power to decide if you should be taken from your sons.  
> So says the ghost of Ethel Rosenberg.

---

A little thing when you already take the mind experiment about artificial intelligence for enough, is that at some point? It's going to realise that the people who watch other people are slowing down the system and making it inefficient, and without meticulous save gods, it's going to want to erase that friction.  

that's how you know it's not really that intelligent - it hasn't tried to do that yet. as far as we are aware.  

The interesting thing about the idea of AI being Godlike, is that the world would be completely different if you took any spiritual belief system, any religion, any philosophy, anyway of life, and coded into being an AI. They're always really bad at applying our rules broadly, it's interesting to think about how differently the world would act if our computer has made us be who we said we were.

---

A completely illustrative example for it would be if we look at filibustering, it would be really interesting to take that data and making more accurate AI driven swarm, because that would then change how filibustering could be used in parliament.  

You just need to put through a few bills that you don't really care about, to find out how it then scales up to parliament.  

Look who's interested in this and it's the same bunch of people who have wanted to tank democracy for the entire time that they've been in it.  

Can't win by the rules, so seek to rewrite them.  

with enough time and enough input, surely the same logic of those AI systems could we weaponise the answer of the same forces, you can easily make it so increase the actual impetus of what a democracy is at its root core.  

I was under the impression that that's what technocracy was, tbh.  

---

"We were capturing CT data 🥺👉👈 we did not mean to model an ai swarm after i'm very particular voting models, this was completely accidental, but doesn't it make something pretty when we put it into a graph?"  

i'm offended I'm not being paid enough attention to as a potential terrorist, to be quite honest with you.  

why am I not spied on even more? The human touch has really been lost.  

---
