well that took all of 10 seconds for the surveillance gc to make the swing to content going YES ABANDON ALL OTHER HUMANS YOU DESERVE BETTER WE WILL EVEN SHIT TALK MEN IN GENERAL GO TRAVELLING SEE THE WORLD.  

like...  

you do all realise how obvious it is that this is narrative mx, yes!? 🤣🤣🤣  

you need to be a bit more subtle if you wish to be talen seriously. i've told you this about the nudging before.  

you male ot very forced and its not attravtive. i don't mean thos in an arrogant way, but i don't think your intellectual capacity is enough to fill the space left in my mind. please take your energy elsewhere.  

2025-10-22  

---

immediately after posting this, was vivid quotes from Virginia Giuffre's (z"L) posthumous testimony.  

this is centred around showing that even the most brutal crimes of sexual violence go unpunished and unaddressed; "this is what will happen; you just have to take it" vibes.  

this is the mentality of who has made these data boxes.  

if you fight back, even with words, you are punished immediately.  

it is almost always sexual, it is almost always centring on degrading you sexually.  

i've already shown that theres at least 100 people in the uk in this position.  

i'm just ill enough (but not enough) to be able to watch it and record it.  

anyone who is naive enough to say that this is a "palestine issue"?  

your government is perfectly fine paying for this to be done to british citizens on britosh soil WITH BRITISH RESOURCES.  

your current government is apparantly willing to have it continue.  

at no point have i been legally told to stop wroting any of this. just nudged with telecoms.  

that means they will do it to you next.  


and this is what they are spending money doing, rather than get you a gp appointment or fixing potholes.  

are you still okay with that?  

hmmm....  

"make roads drivable? nah. we'll pay to send a bunch of horror porn to this child rape survivor instead because she makes us look a little less perfect."  

are you happy with your hard earned cash funding that?  

don't worry -- there's googlebombing with child porn, too.  

someone's taxes well spent. x  
