starting the year off with a systems error routing several parcels across the city.  

it's going to be a winner.  

---

(it's very normal for all errors to believibly be glitches. they're just not really one-offs when it's something new every time you safety net for it, and glitches don't resolve by emailing your mp, or get worse when you try to buy a book. that's what makes it more pattern-shaped. this is becoming more of a trend with anyone whistleblower-adjacent. even just, "used to be proactive and get things done", appears to be systems-leaky enough to look like friction and "get smoothed out".)  

---

- commit difficulties during wall series; significant smoothing and repositioning during generation (unnecessarily anti-resistance framing)  
- it's important to balance the "yes, war crimes", with "and no automatic jusification for more war crimes", and also the absolute right to resistance (including armed resistance) against an occupying power, especially when that power is occupying unlawfully and conducting crimes against the people it occupies with regularity
- if you're genuinely interested in the dialogue, the wiki is clearky a site of debate and movement, but ultimately for my part I feel this was a failure of military alliances to perpetuate the entrapment of a civilian population in a concentration camp, and then wonder why they were physically violent once they broke through the parimeter wall
- if you think i'm a traitor for bringing this up, you are missing the point; i've been doxxed extensively as a jewish rape survivor and everyone still using what my body represents to brutalise, torture, imprison, or murder other humans can, quite frankly, fuck right off
- if that "feels a bit harsh", you need to wake the fuck up
- desensitising to all of this is how alt-right parties are moving in; reform is riding off the back of our racism eatong our souls alive
- it's not a jewish problem; this is an everyone problem, and especially a whie british/white european/white american (etc) problem
- we can't justifiabley complain later if we do not interrupt it now
- yes, that may mean going through difficult emotions re white supremacy and the genocide of Palestinian people; this is an active, live genocide. 

---


I think at some point I might get the strength to discuss the incredibly infuriating crossover, between white Westerners who cannot stomach the fact that Palestinian people might deserve to not live in a concentration camp, and white westerners who tolerated an elite nonce  

again: not a Jewish problem, but a white one.  

yes, of course I know he was Jewish, but I don't think Donald was. I don't think Bill was. I don't think Andrew was. I don't think Peter was.  

You can see where this is going, right?  

Who deserves justice and who deserves impunity?  

Don't use me as an excuse, unless you want me to be A Problem.  

---
