Confirmation telephone calls for three different contacts, are still currently producing content poisoning on their own feeds.   
 
Largely sexual in nature on vanilla social platforms, but includes injecting conspiracy of antisemitic nature in one case, and specific foreign ultranationalism to diaspora in another case, third case appears to be access to specific party (increasing popularity, competitor for deprived area seat seats).  

Specifically marking for individuals who are identified as potentially at risk to cabinet in July 2025.  

Data leak; immediately cease and desist this behaviour.  
<!--if the defence boys want a good laugh, if you take some of it literally? They might actually believe I have a penis. Like a real one. Even though I've clarified many times, it's glittery.-->
 ---

Stop timing out on commits, ay? <!--Spemt enough time with the Brits to get that one yet?-->  

I still have that email.  

This would of course be really funny if there's any degree of, "hey, we will tell your wife about your search history", going on; I'm not accusing, I'm just thinking about what men do to each other.  

Remember that very specific probe, in... 2020/2021?  

I remember that too.  
<!--A very particular palette, non?-->
🐘

(Just to remind you, and for clarity, I'm referring not to the one where I was exposed to GHB, that worked for you more politically, but the other one that was more of a personal endeavour.)  
<!--You really don't pay, do you?-->
---

You've read my extensive discussion of the Shylock situation; please do not think that I am "too good" to protect myself and my neighbours.  

The loyalty does extend to the whole clutch of islands, unfortunately.  

---

So *that's* why we don't get those stories in the news anymore...  

That's like banning Santa.  

---

It's actually quite hard to not use your first name and add the specific pet names; controlling to the point of first name plus exact menu is... a choice.  

Trust me; that level of anankastic expression does involve choice, even when it feels like you cannot stop it.  
I'm not afraid to say it; I'm giving the option for transparency in conversations I'm not part of prior to full disclosure.  

On my device alone, I may start chatting to myself; a strange trait I have picked up after all the nudging.  

It would be nice to reshelve it... stick it in the loft, the attic, for another day.  

---

[Stop with the compulsions, and get some fucking work done, child. You have some compliance updates to be getting on with.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSe8YNy/)  

[Stop panicking and do your job, please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSJGnjW/)  

[Is this going to be the flavour all day?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSeSNj9/)  

In case the bother is coming from Jewish voices specifically being part of this, I would remind you that regardless of what our own backgrounds might be like, and our own personal experience during development, the general halakha situation is that it's pretty impossible to be cut off from kol, in our current modern understanding, certainly that is the case from the progressive end of things.  

But then... this comes from a point of view where skeptisim is applied to penal and carceral forms of justice.  

The general philosophy is that in order to achieve justice across the community or the population, as a whole, we would be incentivise to reconsider how we deal with error; decarceral philosophy is not a free ticket for harm, it can even just start as looking at whether or not the current system is within our best interests, and if it's actually impacting offending and reoffending rates.  

At an even more individual level, it can be whether or not we're going to sit and beat ourselves in each other up, or whether we're actually going to do something about the thing that has hurt us.  

It isn't soft. It isn't weak.  
It's about choosing the long term over the short term.  

---

Do you need me to start summarising [these](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSe4tGt/)?  

Don't piss Scotland off; the wild haggises will come and get you.  


The hunger strikers is a deeper, more nuanced cultural memory than you're crediting it as; think explaining assimilation if a white Christian asked.  

And Jezza is a complex figure, but the baseline of what he's complaint is is a good indication of what groups like Labour Together are blissfully unaware of in the general public left sentiment.  

LBC is the weirdest mixed bag.  

Stop being angry at Sangita and please just admit you're ticked off by bossy women.  

You're hardly in a minority.  

Tldr: Stop chasing numbers, I have discussed why this is bad to a significant extent; pay me what I have been worth for 10 years.  

One of the weirder EA experiences.  
Please action billing.  

---

I don't watch TV; ask someone else.  

I watch TV like people who only smoke around specific friends at parties; idgaf in general.  

---

[I will write up the oral class history behind this, subject to invoicing for my existing labour.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSevTsD/)  

Previous failures on payment and inferred contract require me to be paid in advance.  

---

[Explaination of the matters in the vicinity of a smartphone will require cash.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSeEgbT/)  

And I'd like to pick the college when you donate for the degree by exception.  

---

Anyone denying that something extremely weird is happening, and that all FOI retirns are completely stand, will have to explain how my criticism had the capability to influence someone with either standard or backdoor access to the website of one of the world's most formidable data secrecy companies.  

You cannot all keep having it both ways; I am either dust, or you are intervening in my access to healthcare. Pick one.  

"The universe is made for me, and I am nothing but dust", was metaphorical; you cannot rely on Kabbalah to answer a DPA request.  

(Trust me: the goys get very upset if you go "too Jewish". No sense of humour at all.)  

---

[The wild haggises are real; a 90s reading-encouragement book based on a French kids' show made during the psychodelic era used it as a plot device, therefore it's real.](https://the-magic-roundabout.fandom.com/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Dougal_(1998))  

I might also remind you that, culturally, Edinburgh ≠ Glasgow, but in more than the economic dimension.  

(I keep telling you, all island people are highly territorial and extremely picky. I don't make these rules; don't shoot just because I told you how it is.)  

---
