Is it just Israel? (Update: sadly not.)  

Is the "obsessed lover" just Israel, and we're chucking everyone under the bus as we feel more pressured?  

Anyway.  

Happy Dead Nazi & We Outlive Them Day, and Free Palestine, from the river to the sea.  

I'm getting old; you can let me out of your red tape now you fucked me this badly, thanks.  

You lost the 67 generation yourselves; you refused to negotiate with Gamas when you could have had every Jewish hostage out alive.  

And you explicitly involved the entire diaspora in October 2023; don't cry now that we showed up and you couldn't control is.  

If it was me, I'd probably just go for mutually-assured destruction and drop the files; heaven knows the goyim won't be bending their backs to accomodate.  

Calling the ICC was probably enough.  

---

"Mausele" me all you like in moving me across algorithmic spaces; Ik bin a Yid, and that's where the goyim are going to go for their, "cool, exotic Jew" tropes.  

If it's not in a minor cord, I don't want to know.  

Which, incidentally, makes me more "authentically Middle Eastern", than your High German asses could ever be.  

Please stop trying to impersonate European aristocracy; they are weird and they fuck their cousins openly.  

---

Also, you can't pull a, "oh, now she has outdone us, now we can see her worth", and havevit sound like you were always backing me. That's not hos power works. Should've waved the flag earlier.  

Might also want to stop watching the blonde dragon-lady getting whipped that many times; telling on yourselves slightly.  

(You might need another 20 ft penis week; I do not.)  

---

My theory of, "is this just Israel", is really just a product of this looking to be too obvious that we're feeding someone to the dogs (that would be me), and bro these people *love* doing weird shit under fake names.  

---

Breaking two large domains is a warm up; challenge me a bit more than that, please.  
<!--Lads: you need to have a word with him. That was, presumably, part of the huff about the fish music. We'll just end up channel hopping and then what? Your call.-->
Expecting me to be ashamed, when there has been material profit from the repeated stripping of any dignity I may have been able to build, does not make any sense; this only serves to show the limitations of the minds I am dealing with, and you should be so lucky at the draft of how human factors interacts with modern warfare. Stop crashing the LLM; interference is evidence of weakness.  

And if the subreddit was less hilarious (seperate site), then there wouldn't be live deletions as I was reading their moral quandry, would there?  

Tell me you've never played little green soldiers without telling me.  

---
