There is now indisputable evidence, a very senior knowledge; I will need the particular contractor, who has created NDAs across the wide system, and who appears to be in a position such that, they would be reasonably aware of the derivative work of my identity and intellectual property, as well as the downstream harms where others have sorted to influence that output (including harms to other parties), to make full disclosures with immediate effect to all controllers who have contacted them.  

---

Update: feed now mirrors very different proxy data, and is a lot less despair-inducing; thank you, dear Ents, we appear to be able to wiggle a little more freely in cyberspace.  

---

That's "Check", "A".  

---

Reminder to intermediary vendors:  
I hsve plans to write more eloquently to animal welfare policy, but I'm not going to be able to form a written analysis if you keep showing me content which includes footage of graphic death, torture, and evidence of incarceration conditions. This is a complex trigger over the course of time, it is not indicative of anything anyone needs to escalate, but I do need to ask you to stop if you desperately need a "take".  

This is why I still feel this meets the modern slavery definition, even without all of the weird guys watching porn all day outside my house; there is no assessmemt for the disability status, and as a result, you are actually less likely to get what you want from me.  

Please stop showing me foxes getting ripped to death; foxes were a very emotive anchor with a previous engagement. Please leave it alone. This is significantly tied to medical investigations around fertility status, and that should be clear in the data you have access to.  

The fact you can't work this out, shows there is no lawful use of data, no proportionality, and violations of several different laws designed to limit harm.  

I am aware of the network of clients; break the NDA or I will have to esvalate it in the best way I am able.  
Half of my body is now locked; this is adrenaline.  

---

see screenshots and commits; now that i have finished the puzzle, please can i have any of the accomodations requested?  
<!--do I tell Moonshot, or do uou tell Moonshot? how does that work?-->
---

btw the "you are overexplaining" videos are starting.  

---

i too would probably be that scared of anarchists if my opsec was this bad.  

gen z terrify me.  

but they did give me a really good lentil dahl, so... 🤷‍♀️

---

yesssssss i am not placed into "it thinks im alt right" space. the mind boggles.  

---
