["I have been picturing this moment every day for the last three decades."](https://youtu.be/EDOIzK8NuoU?si=M5r3eyoocwv23Cou)  

Of course this one failed first save; the similar reference months ago on BlueSky hit a nerve, too.  

Is this why we helped them with that boat?  

Nice to see such an icy grip on the BBC.  

Capaldi was hotter. For the record.  

---

I'm going to allow us all to imagine how much difficulty the pattern-matching system is having matching an extremely obvious pattern in child safeguarding risk in the UK;  

This is why "AI won't save us"; we're discussing a SaaS under capitalism and being surprised that it's unable to see how a prosocial, and therefore anticapital, antiexploitation, pattern occurs.  

This is why ChatGPT should never have been allowed in the MoJ, and it tells you enough over the departure of the DPP who centralised the CPS.  

I have made my feelings upon facilitation quite clear, and this is a fully bipartisan failure of morality in the British state.  

We trade our children so that Possom Springs may live again, but our town is still dying.  

---

To be absolutely clear:  

If people in power are ignorant of the crimes, we do need to start again, because this would simply prove our system will never, ever, protect children from harm.  

If you cannot protect a child, with all the selectivity in the mammalian brain to prioritise the young and defend them, you cannot protect anyone else.  

---

Further evidence interference with comms at encrypted level; this is extrenely niche if confirmed.  

---

Got it. Got the stakeholder dependancy.  

Well done. Good show.  

Now I know why all my posts saying, "hey, can we do something about the antisemitism over here pls?" are suppressed into under-60 holdings.  

And why that interview was so weird; a lot of detail wanted about things really not relevent to the apparant investigation, unless it was...  

Is it "abuse of procedure", here?  

---

So funny. I now have a spate of "you'll never get married, you'll never be happy" content.  

That always happens when men feel strong in their own legal standing.    

---

imagine how you'd need to be, to fish for "sentiment" using different dv/sa opinion videos pushed into someone's feed.  

---
<!--the next scenario is beyond my ability to type rn because it's that bizarre; i've realised why i'm likely blackballed from getting a lawyer. it's not because of my potitical beliefs; it's the same reason my csa is doxxed online. btw in case you're bad at law, yes that disclosure of sealed case files is illegal.-->
