Attached screenshot: prolonged stall GPT, resetting. Re text: I had to explain a specific part of antisemitism studies to it, so now it's in a loop about how everything is not a hidden secret plan. It's trying, bless it.  

I'm preparing the height of contension that mirrors my statement in the encampment court case (the bit that wasn't my 5 star rating of lentil dahl or hospitality).  

---

Need to order bespoke bin again as millionth time only bin not done. No clear cause for continuous removal from list. Council deferred to 3rd party solicitor last exchange re data and declines to answer corrospondance since.  

---

Dropped telecoms, nudges through several network contacts, email nudges, banking nudges.  

Most noticable with Project 2025/Esther overlap with Aug - Nov 2024 arrest pattern overlap and potential prosecution/defence arguments using TA in eg upcoming court cases. Lesser extent when powermapping prior Blairite influence network to known right-neoliberal think tank networking.  

This is enough to be distracting and cutting through process.  

Taken as a whole, all actions as described represent significant impact to personal digital ID; if "just" poir systems and corrupted data, this is still so impactful (esp once doxxing, harrassment, etc added in), that this should be repaired by responsible procurement and charged back if "only" due to vendor mismanagement.  

---

Positive note:  

No longer DNS throttled or "datamine" barred from sites.  

---

I don't even know how to describe my feed today.  

I think, "stop sending me Auschwitz and lingerie" is probably a decent stsrt on boundary-setting the algorithmic placement.  

Goys: this is not normal please do not act as if this is somehow normal my life is not 99% Shoah.  

Until I got that alt-right telegram-4chan dude-bro tate-a-holic dogpile.  

They like this kind of shit; too much time internalising /b/ board.  

---

Effectively working all day on one set of nodes, yes it's a sensitive subject and a difficult topic, but it's now full of errors that are nothing to do with the python and nothing to do with inputs I've given. I've deliberately structured in inputs to make it as easy as possible for an LLM.  

This feels like rules are being taken away or ignored, or single point errors are being inserted as negative rules.  

This is largely corrupting the file structure and format. this is essentially makes everything look as far less professional.  

I'm going to carry on with the Costa and accept a lot of the errors, even though it'll look like shit.  

In other news, any social feeds of becoming incredibly pornographic and also backhanded; "how could anyone find you attractive", etc. This is timed with the start of PMS and I am known in my medical notes (contents of which have been doxxed) to have recurrent suicidal incline to thoughts at that time, which then allows this to be viewed as increasing risk.  

Given the harass I've been going through for a period of years I am un surprised that this is going on whilst preparing an explanation of how the provisions around specific conventions were breached in respect to genocide prevention.  

It's an insultingly stupid way to do this, but I guess whoever is so inclined would probably go for, "we'll make her horny and also insult her and treat her like shit, this is obviously what women are into".  

I cannot imagine why some of these people are still single.  

I would be very surprised if this is the same party or parties, who are still pushing Auschwitz content, and maybe be based in Liverpool, Manchester and a very specific part of North Wales.  

Sadly, I can get even more specific about where these vendors are located; I have asked for protection on multiple occasions.  

Unfortunately, because of the rhetorical state of my country, I appear to be disallowed protection from men who do this, until I lay out exactly why a number of us have been treated as extremists are actually in fact just upholding  a set of conventions and treaties then in many cases the UK was a founding partner of.  

This is what is allowed the doxxing and dogpiling, most notably by alternate groups.  

I suspect whoever has done this has done it very knowingly with knowledge of exactly why this is risky, given my identity and intersectional status.  

I suspect whoever is now influencing the environment around algorithmic placement is fully aware of what the behavioural proxies are displaying from my end, and so understand explicitly that they could be seen as increasing risk of death.  

I'm not suicidal; I'm tired of this.  

I'm going back to trying to get the explanations of the CPPGC and related Geneva Conventions, specific relevance to being Jewish and British today, out.  

I don't even care who's doing this at this point. It's just boring. It's always the same.  

It is this rating that I've expressed in multiple occasions how this is not contributing to a feeling of safety, and how I essentially cannot go to the police anymore and expect any protection.  

Oh, and of course we're blaming men with MOD current or past status, because these people aren't patriotic. They do not have any respect for any of the institutions you think they would have respect for.  

This has been alt right for a while.  

It's never treated as a hate crime because I'm not "the right sort of Jew".  

Unless you can count it into statistics that help specific charities get more funding. All of a sudden it counts then.  

Those charities do not help me in this situation.  

And anyone who's white who doesn't understand why, needs to stop thinking we're all one brain. 🤷‍♀️  

---

Have photos ++ of how handling of `Disruption_Kit/Big_Picture_Protocols/🦕_Elder_Influencers/🍿_Historical_Democratic_Actions/🍉_Fulfilling_CPPCG_Protecting_IHL` was (not) going.  

Seversl hours of trying basic commsnd tasks. Abything which increases specificiry, rhetoric standing, or argues clearly why the cases appear democratically odd, is ctmut ir minimised.  

---
