FCDO this morning; apparently, every UK data controller may need an essay which asserts the little British Jew's data rights, so they can hold it up to the Idiocy Embassy amd say, "look".  

Courage; protecting yourselves at the expense of risk assessing any of us in your data purview would not only be a little antisemitic; it would open up to a very particular category of risk with historical echoes.  

And gosh, I suppose if you've already had parties screaming, "antisemitism", at you, you may not wish to have it explained how this data issue is actually more of a "how to" in exposing a population to inherent risk.  

Maybe I ahould CST if they can remember my name yet. 🤭

---

To tie together some disperate things going on around the cloud:  

I'm not diving into the OTs today for you.  

I'm explaining bits but not the whole on something, not because it will help you in the entirety of what is written, but to be clear that I know why specific funds cannot overcome the wall, and I know why Edinburgh as a whole is posh and only the rest of Scotland really counts as "North".  

I said what I said.  

Every stakeholder who is bothering to still push, is essentially partially fixated on diciphering a specific British attitude around this, and still can't understand why everything goes awry at Yorkshire, and why Edinburgh/ privately educated Scottish politicians don't represent everyone else.  

You're not getting a cluster of very easy concepts, and as you are at least in part responsible for the education and employment and healthcare access, you have left me grumpy and with a blindspot to keep pointing out.  

I would fix that data if I were you, but you're still a bit too concerned about the 23 Feb expiry on legal silence.  

It's not going to impress British decision-makers if it was done at detriment to Brotosh citizens.  

You know it's several.  

---

Why am I being fished at for sentiment on Priti Patel?  

Please get some brains; you can extrapolate from other data.  

And stop shuffling.  

---

A couple of emails with the FCDO and preservation notice.  

British people, and I say white people because not-white people do have to think about this more, realky don't get this because you're not generally exposed to it.  

The Idiocy Embassy are not "on my side" as a Jew; in Likud's worldview, I am a disguisting traitor, a parasite, a terrorist. Why?  

Not for any other reason than I am part of British life, and happy in the diaspora.  

They are not acting for all Jewish interests.  

And your MOD chap? And your Jewish diaspora contractors?  

We are all pawns to use; life is not valued, here.  

To negate any confusion:  

Likud have been in most of my lifetime; they became prominent during the Abrahamic Accords.  

You're not going to get "peace".  

Likud looks at your prissy little two state solution and laughs when your back is turned.  

They are going to tell the hypocritical West what it needs to hear, and then act as a Western country would, and "clear the land".  

If you want to protect Jewish life, you need to start fucking listening to the Palestinians who are closer to our ancestors in Warsaw then this bunch of quasi-emperors.  

Stop romanticising the Holocaust and treat us like humams; Likud are only copying the West.  

---

Before I have to FOIA KCL, can I possibly ask that we just consider honesty as a potential out?  

I also need some of you to grasp that "punching Nazis" is not extremeist language; it is an acknowledgement of the failure of liberal states unable to give any inch on antiracism, to protevt the most marginalised in their societies.  

If we have to talk about offensive defence against the alt-right, then the liberal state has stalled in its own bigotry, and failed to become enlightened.  

That is not extremism. For many, it is a final stand against tyranny.  

Perhaps now that white people are facing a black man's experience of policing, you may be inclined to heed the advice.  

When I talk about non-violemt resistence, it is with the knowledge of that being a possible outcome; if it scares you, you need to take more effective antifascist action.  

Like actually using NATO as what it was made to be.  

---

If the counterterrorism industry hates antifascists this much, could you kindly explain what you are guarding against, and back it up with quantitative data instead of this "vibes" business you appear to be peddling?  

Or just tell me why you thought using zombie data from a Defence pull was a good idea.  

I can't really see how you can square this against the rule of law we're supposedly using, and I'm curious why I'm still seeing a reactive-to-legal-risk feed (and why other contacts are either being nudged or subjected to junk feeds post-contact).  

Do I have to start asking how many American Russian assets are in the building?  

---
