sent a sar to fcdo because apparantly that's the british process to tell a uk-based embassy to wind their necks in on your data.  

re-nudged on bin collectiom; need to drag through a phone call on monday. it's amazing the degree of damage someone who understands uk frankenstack failure better than individual silos of uk government can do, hey?  

i've already said many times that this is no more personal than it is to everyone else who experoences it, and it's done in a systematic manner.  

uk is under the impression it can't fix it itself; this is nonsense.  

---

obviously, the social media feed is ** highly interesting** after all that so I just want to be clear that if you think this is his tin hat as I can go on this, you haven't heard my rationale for why or how the degree of suppression is happening in the protests outside of prisons.  

Given what a lot of us have gone through, I think it would be completely possible that the objective would be to make them think that no one cared about them.  

Increasing the spectacle for the prisoners inside is only going to make it extremely clear that that isn't the case, and that it hasn't been the case since they were arrested.  

I have a feeling there's a reason no one wants to admit how big the bags are.  

strong people who feel the love and support of their community take a strong stand speaking for humanity at trial, regardless of if they are entirely admitting guilt under UK law.  
Arguing that allowing them to have access to that would be prejudicing. The legal outcome can easily be flipped to say that with holding it would be prejudicing the legal outcome.  

Obviously, this is all just a thought experiment.  

Satire.  

Discussion.  

Alledgedly.  
Alledgedly.  
Alledgedly.  

---

incidentally, and I'm sure in a completely unrelated manner whoever I am data twins with from a centroid or environment management / wrapper point of view, is incredibly concerned about Mamdani, his first actions, the response of New Yorkers, and in particular the response of the Jewish diaspora in New York who are pro-Mamdani.  

There is particular emphasis on the exact rationale for why they would find his actions to be so beneficial.  

At the same time, the algorithmic placement which relies on behavioural proxies, is interpreting the shares of this data atmosphere to be obsessive, avoidant, and desperate to talk to me but not able to.  

Sometimes it even flips into discussing this as actual family being obsessed and not talking, but that usually ends up with some sort of discussion of cult-like behaviour.  

The complete mystery of how I could possibly be attached to data proxies which are being interpreted this way, is obviously still completely unsolvable.  

Please send the M16 song knockoffs back. I liked those.  

(I also have a lot of Angelina Jolie since she went to the Rafah crossing.)  
I have to say, guys you absolutely tanked one of my careers, but I guess you've given me the next one. 🤣🤣🤣  

(Maybe we are essential for Jewish life after all.)  

Although I do think we need to talk about how much you like those people who style themselves as "auditors" on YouTube, because they docked a lot of South Asian women last year and I was not happy about it.  

What's fascinating to me? Is that I can literally stand in between them and women that they are aggressive to, and they act like I'm invisible in terms of the camera or the doxxing. I really feel that we should probably be doing something about that to make it illegal under law because it is essentially harassment, or worse.  

I feel like some of you need to look at the historic resistance of Brick Lane; this is not unlike a more modern Cable Street. It is not unusual for British communities to protect each other.  

There is a lot to be sad for how administrations have been very aware of what happens if you place someone on the same street as someone else; humans tend to defend their neighbours.  

(we are also very bothered about the coverage of Venezuela and the coverage of Syria for some reason.)  

I didn't start with this geopolitical thing; you brought it to me. I was doing doctor shit before this.  

---

"QUICK! CHANGE IT TO COOKING! ONLY GIVE HER FOOD AND NATURE VIDS!!"  

Idk it's kinda cute (in context of being boxed for years).  

---

[Gosh. I wonder where and who trialled this technology first.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRMaqhfc/)  

The entire training dataset was treated as suspicious; how can this even discriminate on behaviour as per UK law if it is trained on racialised grounds?  

---

[This is what the gc are so concerned about; check for suppression. 👍](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRMaQ2HD/)  

[It's not as if Mandy has slurred his words.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRMa4xx6/)  

There feels like a particular target on our backs if we speak to other Jews or to explain Jewish community nuance to wider audiences.  

Gosh. I really can't think of the cluster of parties who would feel they need to observe and control that.  

---

[The fear of the waters re Angelina Jolie at the Rafah border, and why talking about it is part of the narrative war.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRMaHGjP/)  

The Berlin Wall came down, why not the Apartheid Wall?  

Respectfully, everything else about Oct 07 to one side:  

A group of descendants of refugees, living under a seige which banned nutmeg in case they weaponised it in explosives, managed to break down that wall that day; the West can't get Israel to take it down? The ICJ has ruled its presence as unlawful. Why can't it cone down?  

Smash the thing, idgaf. It's insane.  

You grow up thinking, "okay, it's nuts, but there must be a *reason*, right?"  

Nope. No reason.  

The "reason" is just racism. And stealing land and gas and olive trees.  

Look at who wants the Leviathan gas field and you see who wants Ghazzāwīyīn out of the picture.  

The simplicity is insulting when you realise how much horseshit has been areanged around it as "justification".  

I don't want to be part of this; knock it down.  

Fuck not letting medical aid in once so many doctors and nurses and pharmacists and dentists have been murdered; the only thing that would protect Israel from itself at this point is destroying the apartheid wall.  

We could also stop sending arms and parts for F-15s; the glocal parts pool could be suspected temporarily. The idea that those parts don't all have a tracking number and that the supply chain cannot be halted to one partner in violation of IHL is not only insane, but illogical and essentially claiming that SAP is useless software.  

I am sick and tired of goyim (by which I mean "the white people who have the arrogance to speak over us", specifically) pretending this is about protecting us.  

Protecting us from who? The white goyim?  

They're already using it to justify suppressing us when we disagree with them, so the Grand Plan of Zionism isn't exactly working, is it?  

---

im going to make a geaoh showing increased hardline zionism vs number of jews who died, and you will see how this isn't working; why are we accepting this? it does not protect us.  

---

[Why are we even calling it a "ceasefire", when one party HAS NOT YET CEASED ITS FIRE.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRMabx9j/)  

Flashback to [this episode](https://pca.st/episode/011b9e2f-ca93-43be-be7b-843a2400a828) of Bad Hasbara; you can't be "the world's best" and claim that bombing hospitals repeatedly is just a whoopsie-doodle.  

---

Also imma need a tshirt à la "I survived Betar dogpiling and they didn't even walk up to me in public and give me a beeper".  

---

i think i solved the "jealous younger man" who gets geolocated to sheffield, anyways.  

---
