if you're going to scrape, do it properly; wtf is "[the 3 Es](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2026/jan/06/labour-government-emotion-link-starmer-mcsweeney)"?  

if you're new here: welcome to why polaris exists.  

---

this started before i did this publically; writing is my defence against what started, essentially, as the deanonymising of sentiment data got so much worse during iron swords, and my sentiment deviated "too much" because i didn't bay for blood that should not be shed in the name of your pretended offers of my safety.  

i can't be safe whilst the men who advise on vawg policy don't think doxxing a jewish csa survivor was a bit messed up.  

---

this has included a sudden closure of a tos non-compiance query on a prior draft of this node. not suprised; behavioural shaping via digital nudges is ongoing. cabinet has been appealed to without resolution or protection.  

---

and yes, of course i know so many people are extracted from, but the particular manner that this has happened with my data has corrupted risk-scoring, and has let to downstream harms from that.  

i have also had substantial leakage of private conversations into the public domain, as well as aforementioned doxxing.  

---

imagine having the biggest data sink in the world and you're still dependent on a little anarchist gorl's blog to fulfil on a government contract. jees.  

is this the best capitalism can do?  

---

it's important that anyone reading this understamds that this is just a systematic approach to segmentation of data in a population; it's easily just one piece of what would be a larger project management process, and it's just an uber-capitalist approach to population data.  

we're just collateral; that's why it's still something to resist, because tyranny ought to always be resisted, even when it's just some rich boy nerds who took too much acid when reading tolkein and were way too into the idea of darpa, and far too far gone to get selected.  

this isn't intellectual power; this is just brute force by server space.  

we not the same, babes.  

---
