to fill in:  
- new widespread address errors across one vendor's crms.
- continued juris discussion.
- covering for preexisting warranted activity which shows clearly in post 2022 activity which is currently in ico discussion; escalated cps list of controllers as all doxxed material is 2018 origin. covering for 2016 vulnerability escalation to prevent.
- sorting clean.
- preparing submission ipco; 90% of interview questions pertained to items which evidence not only standard telecoms but encryption or device level, and did not relate to subject matter, or mirrored subsequent in-person harrassment or doxxing of csa case.
- feed in last few days: race traitor references, violence to user/home/family, focus on specific transparency issues and specific figures who are vulnerable to reputation targeting or management, other trends recorded privately as still unpicking if algorithmically driven by user or abhorrent.
- legal timeout from jul 2025 esc appears to be 23 feb; "unknown" third party loses legal cover at 6 months; evidence slapp instruments actively in use.
- for clarity: this appears to be a something that started as a snowball and became an avalanche. some reporters to prevent will have assumed good intentions; i am now aware that "history of csa" flags the same as "trying to actually make a bomb with kitchen cleaning kit", across the uk.
- dark irony is that i am now stats-aligned with peter mandelson coverage and the first male epstein survivor who has spoken out. well done to whoever managed that legal/pr nightmare; we appear to be in the same social media centroid, and you appear to have done a "i don't sweat, especially at pizza express" of it.  

---

<!--imagine stalking a woman so hard but being so incompetant that you forget all the yiddishe theatre and all the gangsta rap like bitch pls i know this ain't really "warranted"; i know a bunch of you are siloed and the bridge nodes are dumb af calling me an airhead in the data like really... whose head is full of hot air?-->

---

added timeout screenshots; notes attached in commit.  

the "are we the baddies" crowd are digging up old posts. love to see it. you can resolve the "maybe being the baddies". it's not hard to whistle. good film.  

---
