If the MOD did in fact agree to any part of this, I do hope they're at least enjoying [the charade](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAF4XFx/).  

Actions in July suggest that at least some unknowns existed to British establishment, and they do rather prefer not to be taken as fools.  

---

Imagine an insights algorithm whose n-numbers are so minimal, that it had to struggle through anything that I had touched once "trout" was marked as sensitive content, and had to make sense out of [anything](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAYamAj/) [else](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAY3pCe/).  

But no one would make an algorithm like that, unless they were a cocky dumbass coasting on hype.  

---

Now, can we make [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAYQUtp/) with the air fryer?  

---

Out of interest, who is it who chooses the selection of MPs we have to watch and over-scrutinise every week?  

Is it the same person who wants a car full of hairline fractures?  

And yes, the football references are an improvement, but I also don't think Michael Wood is a terrible person.  

I had assumed it was just brown men that we were bothered about, for whatever reason, but apparently we are expanding into the rest of Westminster.  

---

I've been thinking a lot about the way the response the Valgro placement has changed so rapidly in the last few days, in comparison when it's done this in the past.  

I'm not happy about the lack of acknowledgement or confirmation or denial, from the Ministry of defence, specifically after I clarified that I'm not a crown subject, and that the permissions to use my data would've been out of date and by definition would have expired when I was no longer a child.  

I am also explicitly not happy about how he already embassy is essentially being left off by most data controllers and data processors; there are a selection of instances which strongly suggest that they've had a lot to do with how my data has been perceived in the UK, and there is evidence to suggest that my data was being impacted as early as 2014 or 2015. I am extremely unimpressed that this does not seem to have gone past the FCDO, given that it has essentially fuck all to do with Israeli national security. (At no point could you have already said that there was a strong enough case to instigate any sort of security doctrine, or use the embassy power, so this has happened? It happened because no one's challenged it from the UK side.)  

If you're wondering why I'm not drawing attention to the fact that is ready practice may not be great? Israel is actually pretty open about what it is and who it is. Israel is extremely open about what it thinks of us in its own country. If you have been switched talked as a British non-Jew? That's because they know that you'll never have my side; if you want to do better, prove them wrong. This is essentially the myth that Israel is created upon; but no one else will stand by us. as I said, the most helpful thing you could do right now, is to prove to the Israeli embassy that you will actually ask them to obey and comply with UK law.  

You're the frustration that I have a lot of this is that everyone is still answering DPA requests and FOIA requests as if everything happens on paper; very few people have actually done any checks to ensure that they has been no errant digital access. I find this really surprising; this is not really that hard to actually check, and it's a really cool part of investigations when there appears to have been improper processing or access. The fact that it apparently takes showing that around 30 different data controllers cannot find in their paperwork the problem, to get anyone to even consider that it might be an issue, and the ICO can't do anything about that by the way they just have to ask and take on good faith, so you really are left with having to try to encourage an organisation to look into its own records digitally; this is a terrible system. There is a significant risk because we've missed this from systems point of view, anyone who are foreign state just slightly disagrees with, it essentially allowed to be fucked with in the UK.  

I hate to break it to everyone but there are products and there are all people who can get past security layers, and the idea that we are not interrogating this at all, really speaks to just how cooked we are as a country; the only reason we think that other countries are impressive, is because we are still answering these queries as if everything is still done in triplicate with the carbon copy sheet. This is insufficient for the 21st-century. We will not improve as a country until we fix this. We are essentially allowing all of our data assets to just hang their ripe and ready for the picking. We don't need investment in AI as much as we need some very basic cultural changes around how we handle data.  

Again, it's not that I don't think AI is cool, it's not that I don't like tech, and it's not that I don't think it would be interesting or in a bit to include these things in our modern governance. My problem is that we are completely ignoring the very basic things. It feels like we signed up for a robot surgery, but we're not washing our hands.  

To go back to my data issue, I am having to say a different government department said I am now exhausted reasonable civil roots and I don't really have a lot of options for where to go, save making this a media issue. I don't want that, but that seems to be the only option so that's what I'll do. I'm really upset about how many people are gridlock with non-disclosure agreements of varying indifferent types; another big factor of this is that law therapy is to have been used strategically so that it protects a military R&D misuse of data that no one thoroughly checked the permissions on, and so because other people are in breach of the law and don't want to admit that, I am the person who's affected, I am the person who gets to look crazy online, and I am the person who bears all of the responsibilities and all of the problems.  

Meanwhile, some dickhead is probably made a lot of money off this.  

Can anyone see why I am now frustrated?  

And then instead of resolving this in a humane way, we have decided to impact not just my life but also the lives of anybody within spitting distance of me, just to get rid of the problem?  

It's not fair that everyone else has to be involved in this. That puts a huge burden of responsibility on my head, to be able to come up with the circumstances that compel disclosure; in other words, I have to sit through more and more of the abuse and the harassment, and capture more and more of it, and if possible, drag other people people with more money into it, and more to lose into it, that eventually someone will actually stand up and say that the UK citizens are the UK sovereign responsibility.  

And yet somebody will say to me that Israel has bought the UK or whatever, but I don't think that's true; it is more correct to say that the English men utilise in a part-time elsewhere in the world, and lie about giving a fuck, rather than actually stand up and fight for anyone. If the apartheid didn't exist, you would not be able to hide all your shitty business there. The only reason most people support the apartheid, is because you like having an apartheid where you can go and wash your dishes. No one actually needs to have the apartheid, but people who do harmful things here also don't give a shit about doing harmful things somewhere else.  

We need to change; the guard needs to change.  

---

I'm also not completely exonerating everybody, I'm just very aware that as soon as the Israeli embassy is under the slightest bit of pressure from my legal request, that does tend to be the disappointed which we got a very cartoonist character of someone being portrayed in the data that I'm exposed to, and I would hate to give a bunch of teenagers with a computer or two such an easy ride of it.  

The idea of anybody actually from the IDF being able to stand out with me and really be able to say some of the shit that I hear and some of the shit that I'm exposed to to my face? Fucking hilarious.  

Small boys, with semi-automatics as compensation.  

---

[Dammit, I had so many carp memes.](./20260128-declaration.md)  

---

[Istg](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAMmHfE/), not a single one of these whote men knows what the word, "jihad" means. Get a fucking dictionary.  

And whoever keeps showing me, "you need to learn to calm down" in the algorithm? No, I do not.  

Go negotiate with a tiger; you may have more luck.  

---

I have been baited weirdly enough today to realistically consider that some 19 year old virgin in Tel Aviv backended the diaspora version of Dataminr and just hasn't been caught yet.  

In my defence, every other explanation is even more bizarre.  

I am choosing to believe this is naïvité for my own mental health at this point.  

---

[Maybe if the Israeli state actually did more about shit like this, I may actually feel slightly more torn, ya know?](https://www.instagram.com/p/DUDuKsXgCCy/?igsh=bmxuYWZjdzEza3Rh)  

We told you this would happen, and I can't see any evidence that your gocernment doesn't love this shit.  

---

The algorithmic placement is going back to understanding this whole thing as essentially the plot of Mean Girls with the Medinat as Regina George.  

I'm also getting a lot of fishing content but that could be my own doing with the trout run.  

---

I don't want to post any of the shots because it's the graves of people with families paying, but I'm getting a sweep of memorial cleaning for a specific area of the UK.  

I am not okay with this.  

---
