["You designed it, sir. You wanted it foolproof."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAvBfgM/)  

Is [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAvMqpE/) why we had to split the party today? 🤣🤣🤣  
Sometimes I do wonder if there's just a whole list of people where we're essentially vectors who cannot intersect on a very big, very boring data stack.  

Oh no wait, I just just think that; I've fairly robustly evidenced it is a real concern.  

---

Do you know what it feels like?  

When you're setting out places for a wedding, and there's a list of people where you just know that you can't have them all on the same table.  

However, it's not that we all hate each other, it's that whether they're naughty corner and can't be placed to close together, *just in case*.  

Just in case what, exactly?  

What are you so scared of?  

I'd love to say this separates out actors, but unfortunately I've seen so much tolerance of being able to see what is happening; there is no formal oversight system in this country which means that, if anything commercially surveys you, or surveills you for any other reason, and someone is doing something really bad to you, that any safeguarding move needs to be made.  

The "safeguarding", when it does occur, it's more often than not weaponising the situation to undermine a person, and we've seen so many people in this situation, that in 2024 and 2025 oneards, you could probably order it for this in admission notes and keywords.  

That's how bad it is; it's getting to a point where you could audit it. Anyone with a national platform access would have capacity.  

We are not in a good place, if that many fingerprints are being left, because it suggests that hiding is no longer necessary, all that the system is getting desperate. Coercive systems and people lash out as they go down.  

If you want to know what broke this country, it was making it perfectly legal for every single individual to be monitored by dozens of companies at once, having a joke of a safeguarding and oversight system, and worrying about "terrorists" when we had men creating terror at home and abroad sat in senior office.  

It was selling our children for a few contracts; the Epstein release around torture videos is frankly unsuprising.  
The idea that you expect any woman to raise children in this is laughable; why would we willingly birth new life into this?  

If you think taking it by force, is the same thing, then my goodness, you are missing a whole slice of life from your experience; joy is not found.  

---
