Acheinu --  

I have alteady said this.  

My birthday is *that* day; you know this.  

So I don't frame it without the liberation, the resistance, or the murder of Nazis, when I think about it.  

I'm not even going to say the word for two weeks, if you push it like this.  

If you want to do something useful, stop giving the modern ones your instrumental and financial support.  

(I will start drawing on *when* I had this content, adjacent to *which* events in the past. Don't give me more ideas than we all need me to have. Because the sequencing in time looks a little suspicious, doesn't it? If not known-in-advance, why known-in-advance shaped?)  

Stop helping them and have the spine to stand for something.  

---

I'll give you this, though.  

I don't know if it matters if you *incorrectly* coded the man you admire as a perpetrator of sexual violence or not;  

It knows a pattern, not a person; it appears to have branched the identity accordingly, so you can't just show up eith your own signature pretending to be him.  

Unless you interacted in exactly the same way (and in that regard, two very different points on a spectrum), the system doesn't consolidate this as one identity.  

So... yes.  

With knowledge of both extensive dragnets, it does know what each pattern is.  

It doesn't matter about cryptography and credentials; the ball sees all.  

I think you guys Skynetted yourselves.  

---

And what makes this even funnier, is that I bet you anything in the world (sorry G-d), that I know what is in your history, that means you see threats of disclosure as so potentially life-altering.  

I can make a list, if you like.  

---

Also now clicked why we banked on splicing and why that seemed to solve a lot of problems at once; skynetted yourselves, mate. Neither of us did that.  

And I can also see why the "cognition" layer consistently voted for the one with ovaries being the most interesting; both of your fields are very... they were too niched.  

---

In case the pace us too much, do I need to put 2+2 together on a potential risk not yet covered in the AP vs Prince Harry story?  

If the middleware connects, actually it can just leak an awful lot of inference.  

That's going to be so much worse for people frequently looked up.  

It may have been ruled out, but we don't appear to be talking about this.  
It's not solved by putying better locks on the door; it's a fundamental infrastructure weakness.  

There is no assisting legislation in the UK.  

As soon as you buy a pregnancy test, or you are out of the sync that the system expects, this can show up as a ghost to another iser which the system just understands as wanting to receive updates on you; the system just doesn't know that that isn't acceptable.  

The system does not have manmalian instincts; it does not operate as a brain.  

It is extremely impressive, but it just doesn't know that we don't want it to do that, without express rulings trained into it.  

This is why Mark Fisher was lightyears ahead of all of us.  

He saw it and he wrote about it.  

And we didn't listen with the urgency required.  

Which is why I have men in kilts; could be worse, honestly.  

That's not solely derived from the Scottish one.  

To clarify Tor:  

Tor > NSA/CIA > Defence contractors doing sentiment analysis for newsrooms  
The history is more complicated; ask the DARPA fanboy.  

If it got missed, I'll put money on it being human factors derived from personality segmentation in generative workflow, and a fairly "difficult to escalate" setting. Not unusual for a company of this nature.  

Given how easy it is for some jobless cripple to reverse-engineer with no tech background, I think this might be your answer.  

That makes it technically fixable, in the interests of everyone to fix, but requiring transformational management industry-wide to fix.  

I made Craken for a reason, lads.  

Also because I was bored.  

The box will do that to you.  

---

You should've led me have that SystemC one, A.  

I was a nightmare EA.  

Men hid from me.  

---

Almost completely seperate issue:  

There has been some extremely weird tone and media briefing in the party of "the left", and we need to talk about what the hell went on, and how many men lied to have their feminism credentials unquestioned.  

The feminism you are collectively wearing is a little ill-fitting, and it is not realistic, and you're not going to get strangulation out of porn this way.  

Being realistic, you're not going to get it out at all.  

But if you would like boys to be slightly less brutish, talking about that pornography as disguisting, without anything to catch them on the way down from the ego crash, probably will drive up attempts of rape as lashing out to reassert dominance.  

This will be a series of nodes, because apparantky we do need to have a birds and bees talk with the British policy class, and none of you, of any gender, are going to enjoy it.  

Any man who has told the women he has never seen it, is lying.  

Absolutely, pants-on-fire, screaming the house down, levels of fibbing.  

It's like a man saying he's never seen anything for an alt-right pipeline; it's in their faces whether they like it or not, and men have all looked up swinging bodily parts portrayed in pixels, whether we would prefer they did or didn't.  

Half of them pretend to be incapable of taking a bin out.  

Are we really expecting them to avoid typing whatever cane to their mind into google?  

Not uncommon cause for sudden family computer failure, once they heard the door and panicked.  

---

This is just putting the story together on the sales funnel of the snitches squad; trust me there is a whole ream of jokes and comments I have kept in my noggin.  

Do we still like Monika after she talks back?  

If you haven't played DDLC in the dark, you have no idea what these guys are going through right now.  

---

I just need any women still in the room to know:  

As I'm putting the last pieces of this together...  

And I'm getting to another tipping point in legal pressure across my own network of data, to be able to force it back upwards...  

I will never judge you for what you need to do to the men.  

Because a lot of them got their own "War Rooms", and it ain't pretty.  

Always get one where you can see the ups and the downs from T0.  

---
