I'm not "anti-war", so much as ["anti-letting-our-sons-and-daughters-die-for-oil-deals"](https://youtu.be/sQMYOXegdck?si=dMlGFia22zcYwme5).  

Clearly none of you really understand why the public response was and is what it was to Iraq and Afghanistan and Guantanimo Bay.  

"Clever men"; self-appointed adjectives, clearly.  

(I'll let everyone guess how easy this was to commit.)  

If you wamt to lead us into war, I want to see you up front and under fire.  

---

Plans for today's algorithm are in [this general direction](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1anDKDpHWC7tbnubBjLpgM?si=6SV9W9iiTnigEQ84d-gnww&pt=0e4c16db1dea44b1e6b2c5e59902e99d&pi=CfPvZYwOQfu9x).  

Clearly your temperature control is utter horseshit code, being the hapless males you are, so I'm doing 60s soft rock.  

And I'm not researching the thing that coincides with my birthday, unless it's the time Polish Resistance and Ghetto fighters trawled sewers and murdered Nazis, because armed resistance is an internationally agreed upon right when one is under illegitamate occupation by a military power.  

I might do "Gentleman" next; I like the dance.  

(I mean, I'm being nice by assuming incompetence; the other option is deliberate algorithmic shock doctrine. Anything to avoid releasing all tranches of the Epstein files, no?)  

---

So why did we pick this Muslim and this Jew?  

Because clearly on personality amd data history, that was a terrible idea.  

So let's have a think about who could possibly benefot, and what pre-existing data twinning we may have wished to complicate.  

Because you chose two "fuck you I'm British, but also fuck breaking international law" data subjects.  

Which was dumb.  

So what were we trying to smooth over?  
I'm going to start by looking at Derbyshire, because that entire county appears very possessive over any data I have in that region.  

When we go through the historical Austin references, because I do feel the collective inability to do subtly is extremely funny, it works for the lore, also.  

I believe it was trout, not carp, however.  

---

Can I help myself? [No.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSUt8dd/).  

<!--Interfere with the clipboard all you want. Do you think we can get course fishing into the BBC today?-->

---

[Cultured, innit?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSUGVD1/)  

Tbf, ye divvnt need a single gcse to just like chatchy music.  

(Who even needs gcses. More judgement for kids for no reason.)  

i'm just thinking, if we have trout fishing, and Schubert, then we've given a whole range for anyone who is even vaguely attached to a centroid.  

Obviously, the vast majority of my contacts have been cut off, but if there was convergence from the entire algorithm, Muslim and Jewish sentiment, so that we're all whistling to the trout, then there is a non-0 chance that we can get half of the British Army whistling to it by Monday morning, the ricochet effect of the algorithm means that it should start to amplify so much, that it will look like a natural sentiment pick up in the newsroom.  

Hence: the BBC covers the trout.  

Even better if we can get into a trout versus carp fishing debate, because that is an incredibly interesting class conversation, which has a downstream impact on how our wildlife is positioned in the UK; am I five and MI6 had that paper on the National security and biodiversity intersection, so actually technically we are here for King & Country. Rather than just.... titarsing around in the mess.  

but don't listen to me; after all, I am the crazy Mental lady who makes things up.  

Which is why the Israeli embassy apparently has absolutely no data, which is funny because I have email exchanges.  

That is even funnier when we question who told my Mental Health trust that I was mad and making things up.  

It almost looks like...  

The doikeyt Jew was right.  

so if my Muslim friend can be slightly unserious for the day and at least enjoy Schubert's trout, I wouldn't hate him for it.  

I appreciate we all have to keep him to be incredibly serious at all times; there's a special clause in his contract that says he can't laugh in public.  

and I love how little white people are going to understand this conversation; A knows. It's true though, isn't it?  

The goyim gets into their head and you can't change them once they have one.  

You could've cut this early, by acknowledging that I would just be a lot less exposed to childhood exclusion on that basis than you, but no. We had to take it too far first.  

we could've had a conversation across generations about how it felt to be still racialised and excluded; we chose nuclear bombs instead.  

Although I have been more pleasant, I've been less attractive? Probably not...  

The blonde hair blue eyes thing is currently the only thing rescuing my personality, so.  

shall we talk about the very particular feelings that Ashkenazi boys have towards me? Because I am ready for that conversation about the thing that aligns with my birthday. I think it's actually pretty tall on how men are, when they feel like they couldn't protect themselves in their families. It was actually really big in Israel. You know exactly what I'm talking about because it's in my data history.  

(i'm going to let you explain that one to stakeholders yourself, for exactly the same reason that I keep replaying the one sentence acknowledging "sex slaves" as a reality that young British men of a particular background are attracted to a particular type of fundamentalism.)  

Men are such good entertainment.  

And Schubert's trout is a masterpiece; let's get it into the culture section.  

---

There are [lyrics](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSysWvo/).  

Be my guest and file a case.  

You have to prove I have no basis.  

---

There is always full context; [Schubert misses two lines to accomodate male soloists](https://www.schubertsong.uk/text/die-forelle/).  

"Mädchen, seht
Verführer **mit der Angel** –
Sonst blutet ihr zu spät." 😳  

So...  

Team Trout or Team Carp?  

---

It's weird how my student record seems to fluctuate in compassion, in line with how much Muslim men were villified following the 2020 release of *Group-based Child Sexual Exploitation* from the HOM.  

Idk there's that weird report in Yorkshire where it looks like a lift of my notes...  

Probably just coincidence.  

---

(Contextually, for our fools who think Austin is "just for girls", "soldiers" were barracked in an itinerant manner and the was about controlling land ownership and descent in aristocracy. So you can keep your trout lake.)  

---

[I see no flaws in this algorithm. Nada.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRSy72aQ/)  

---
