there are still active changes in algorithm tuning after disclosing details on private phonecalls, which attempt to redirect the perpetrator of stalking and harrassment to an innocent party.  

at least we are accepting that it is occuring and that it is a male, now.  

this is a *slight* improvement.  

although, for the millionth time, i know that it is not who the placemrnt is trying to frame.  

seperate note:  

the utter silence and non-repeating of baby clothes on the algorithm, to the extent that i started to receive content addressing me as a man?  

i'm a woman in my 30s; capitalism should be forcing the new mother experience down my throat by now. but it isn't.  

that's how you can tell it's still being fucked with.  

but the silence was funny because there was no twisting to be cruel; just silence.  

are we (finally) feeling nervous? having fun?  

also reporting me as "a risk" to two political parties? is jokes.  

plus all the others; i'm still finding them all.  

who wasn't told that i was a colossal bitch and i should die?  

hopefully we didn'twrote the words down. looks bad in court.  

---

and confirmed:  

two regularly publishing contacts have analytics to show significant improvement post july 2024;   

fingerprints get everywhere.  

---

30+ nodes behind publishing to repo due to delays on ai applications; recent evidence extraction and repurposing of stolen ip; please query providence.  

my ancestors did not run from the empire's collective punishment of cuvilians for this to be my reality today.  

also getting a lot of content from family courts and how to reverse-argue an NFA on an "abusive ex partner".  

---
