Yet another day of bad-Jew-data-box.  

I would prefer we had bo subsumed me into some neo-communist-inspired dataset of hell; for a bunch of people against sharing resources as a group, you seem to be very into taling mine and sticking your name on them.  

In fact, if we could just all stop being Putin's bitches in the West, I's greatly prefer that; life is boring when your leadership cannot tolerate criticism and wants you to die in wars to make them feel big.  

I am aware my work output is rather light; I'm really quite grumpy this week, and in my defence I am in rather a lot of pain, and rather a lit of people have not only been unable to assist with queries, there is both a number of rather rude replies, and a lot of non-understanding of the distress caused.  

The finer outline of the elephant is largely visible, and the lines are sharper; a lot of British people never sought clarification from a data subject when they were advised on nationality and acted against security, racialising and discrediting on the basis of Jewish identity.  

It's either that, or a cybersecurity issue; pick.  

Stakeholder map will be drafted at some point. Some of the MoUs/contracts could be 1 or 2 different ways, but it's almost complete.  

None of this is personal to my character; all of it dehumanises to a resource to be raped and exploited for nationalist benefit.  

Maybe I should have just been chucked over the wall at Hamas, after the collective fantasy of so many white and Jewish men claimed; perhaps their violence may have been shorter, less violent, less blasphemous, less of a desecration.  

(Hamas behind the illegal wall, like: "Bro, this is not what we asked for; we're throwing her back".)  

---

I don't care if its the monstera boys or the Tel Aviv branch of idiocy; you just took the lesbians away for me. Wtf was that for?? Dip me in honey and send me the fuck back, you cowards.  

---

Incidentally, on the subject of natural select selection:  

If it was really about natural selection, you would understand that women have likely become far more aesthetically valuable and pretty over the course of evolution, and you wouldn't bitch and whine, furthermore, the men who are actually show intraspecies selection behaviours are exactly the same men who kill the other man who commit femicide, and who are sexually violent.  

If you really want to make this about your misunderstanding of Darwin and any derivative science (the actual science, not the shit you made up in the club because you only benefitted from artificial forces upon mate selection), you would need to similarly execute paedophiles; this is clearly a net negative for the species, and it is not uncommon in the Animal Kingdom for it to attract that type of reaction.  

All I'm asking for the men to do, is that you actually follow your arguments to their conclusions, instead of doing the epstemic equivalent of trumpeting the alphabet with your arse.  

Mind.  

That would require actually being tye half of the species capable of advanced thought; little tangerines bouncing around a bowl of testosterone, is what white supremacy and capitalism has rendered "competative" in the pale ones.  

G-d help us.  

---

And regarding the impersonations:  

I am only glad that at least one man in the world has enough common sense, to look at what I wrote publicly, look at what was received "privately", and make the bold step of putting two and two together.  

I don't think I need to know how many of the rest of you were such utter idiots, that my apparent throwing myself at you was either undetected, or you lacked the courage to give me any indication to my face.  

Before the boys in Tel Aviv start whining again, or the ones in Liverpool, all the ones in Sheffield, etc etc:  

My sexuality is not yours; this is why you in impersonated it so badly.  

You don't have to admit that it's an art you're incapable of, as clearly enough men have seen the evidence.  

(Incidentally: this is also why women generally don't want to fuck you out of choice. Uncompetative. There are literally lesbians in the world; why would they choose your lack of game?)  

---

They've been putting very large women in my feed for about 48 hours; their pettiness is hilarious, given that tanner stages 2-3 dominantatee my feed for so long; attraction to peri-puberty is not normal, lads. It's species-sabotaging hyperobsession with doninance; it strongly suggests a lack of doscipline which would be killed off in the wild. You'd try to take on five tigers, and then we'd be rid of you.  

It also suggests a pathological semse of competition with men you know would outcompete for mates. You are not helping yourselves by showing it so clearly to the rest of us. It's an outward indicator of what I believe you all refer to as "beta" behaviour; if this worldview, it simply is not our fault as females, if our brains are weird by thousands of years of genetic competition, to devalue individuals who display that behaviour.  

It's just nature, dear.  

Apparantly, ssome of your forefathers did choose better, otherwise none of would be here. That is your true devolution of the species, as you call it.  

You think a good hunter would be whining about women's bathrooms all day? Please.  

Go out and make dinner happen, or build a shed. Stop all whatever this nonsense is and be useful.  

(Why do you think so many married men do DIY most weekends? We can't help it if our silly girl gametes look at men constructing things and decorating shelters and think, "Ah. Yes. I want that one to make more minions with". Like you are so keen on reminding us: it's "just" biology. Yes?)  

If you still wish to defend your own obvious sexual submission to military men, you could take 5% of the time you soend thinking about the missiles, beautifully shaped as I am assured they are, and adopt literally any of the attention to presentation of the self, discipline in public, or any of the things which indicate to the fragile little women's brains, "useful in scarity scenario". Degree of complaining about the whole thing does feature heavily in, "do I want to scrifice 9 months and potentially my life to risk carbon copying half of this idiot?".  

(Because we all know the algorithmic placement is about to become the little bitch boys' list of reasons why girls smell.)  

---

It's now a mix of police arresting people, big beautiful women, and men lifting weights.  

My work here is done.  

Dettol bath is fab when any of you actually acknowledge the bruising, chaps. Works wonders. x

---

Thank you to my beloved Ministry of Defence, for the biggest and most titanically sized hint I'm going to get from you.  

I will end up asking; I don't actually "care" for the details (beyond the purposes of curiosity), I just want the security to have improved since.  

And the rest, of whoch you are clearly aware, or I would have been bollocked by yourselves for pissing everyone else off by now.  

---

I was simply going to say, notwithstanding the latest capture, but then I saw what terribly strange things have happened in deranking Schubert's More-Expensive-Fishing-Trip Quintet in the last few days, and I would hate you to miss out. [😇👈](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAskbsW/)  

Make it less obvious, and I may derive slightly less pleasure at the silence on that SAR.  

Behavoural proxies after that was submitted, were truly marvellous.  

I hope we all appreciate the level of wealth that I am outperforming, directly in an industry supposedly non-trackable by clever use of two numbers in strings.  

---

You may also want to start coordinating a little better on resource management; over-pooling on [this](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chloe-birney-78b95b2bb_since-october-2023-ive-experienced-a-pattern-activity-7422747621720760320-_R5I?utm_medium=ios_app&rcm=ACoAAEzZf5sBQCZX9MaUon1j8NIHcaS29nKVYqs&utm_source=social_share_send&utm_campaign=copy_link), meant [this](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chloe-birney-78b95b2bb_apparently-i-have-made-a-mistake-apparently-activity-7422953586411737088-vy1b?utm_medium=ios_app&rcm=ACoAAEzZf5sBQCZX9MaUon1j8NIHcaS29nKVYqs&utm_source=social_share_send&utm_campaign=copy_link) was reletively uncontested.  

The treason of it all.  

Or:  

The evidence of how very much one really cannot trust the goyim, to back one up, in one's one genocidal ethnonationalism.  

Don't take it personally; the risk ought to have been visible miles off.  
Just stop doing whatever the code varient of drinking and deriving is.  

---

Oh, and to approach an old complaint which was levied extensively:  

I give less of a shit about men being wrong about a bunch of things, than I care about doing what is right.  

I accept that people are not perfect, and whilst on some issues this is opinion, where they are categorically incorrect and not accepting science, I just assume they are misinformed.  

I appreciate that enough of you are so extensively wrong, and so unwilling to be corrected by women, that the large majority of you will say the dumbest shit to my face and expect a pat on the head and a biscuit for it, for as long as I am alive.  

That wouldn't be what stops me from implementing morally good procedure.  

If you want improvement or generosity, stop diverting my post.  

I am aware that this continues, albeit to a lesser extent, and under a different systems process point.  

It's not a bug if you wrote it as an easter egg.  

---

[OH MY G-D; THERE LITERALLY IS JUST A SEMI-FLEXIBLE BUNCH OF US WHO THEY STALK.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAsKKHU/)  

I also have more evidence of weaponisation of psychology, specifically psychosis used to detain antizionist voices.  

And a seletion of women who have been turned into perpetrators when reporting SV to one specific police force in the Midlands.  

Holy fuck. Well done Britain.  

Well done to the Midlands LGAs, specifically: you will know how these are all regionally linked, and gow else they interweave with what accounts to widespread breaches of SG legal provisions.  

I will be writing in the coming days.  
You are betraying huge groups in your own areas, and by all accounts, at least one of you is actively leaking to Reform in advance, as well as, apparantly, foreign stakeholders whilst bypassing the FCDO.  

And you did seem rather scared of the Hillsborough law, so I cannot wait to see what else is beneath the surface.  
You are absolute monsters; a number of people have been treated horrendously by this process.  

I'll get onto a diagrammed node, because there is now enough evidence in the public domain from varying sources with no pre-existing connections.  

You've also impersonated several men with much bigger legal resources.  

LP SAR hits on 23 Feb; best of luck.  

I have literal stacks pf content patterns; I would be more than happy to list character traits further; yes, this is what minimalistic looks like from my brain. Yes, I know it intimidates you. You have been very clear about that.  

Even if, and I understand that this is likely to be around three overlapping parties who are unnecessarily in my business, not every single part of this is you specifically as a group?  

You will need to talk if you want to disown the rest of it.  

The evidence really is getting that clear now.  

---

Read the first chapter. Extremely annoyed that I locked us all into this united front business.  

I also just think it's funny you all think this actual how-biology-just-is bit is "ideology".  

Sorry-not-sorry, but the obvious argument is to point outbthat any man over the age of 35 seeking to use NO synthesis management who is not at risk of hypoxic cardiac failure is, by the same standard, advancing an ideology.  

We could just all agree to stop interfering with each other's bodily autonomy.  

With the additional free time, one can even upgrade from coursing for carp, to coursing for trout.  

---

