Dammit.  
Now I've been ran through it and I'm out the other end, this is very reminicsent of the last impersonation run in the summer.  
Fucking dammit.  

Bargain Bin Mossad doesn't take days off, the motherfuckers.  

(This is why I was deliberately clear, that all we need is someone who could backend, and all that it would take, is some misattribution. This is very alike to the weird Mancs trip I had to see a doctor not get struck off (that time), essentially for being Palestinian and expressing anger at a genocide.)  

Which, if the case, means I have more people to apologise to; boy, how I love this process.  

(You can tell me I shouldn't apolofise to anyone with any complicity, but I too once believed some really dumb shit about Israel. And I am British. It's like a reflex we're born with.)  

Although in my defence, sone of it was quite funny. I am nothing if not the class clown in this horrendous venture.  

Additionally, I would like my civil rights back, if anyone could arrange, I would be less lairy.  

---

For no reason I can see, my fyp is now complex FOIA to councils and extreme power exchange with women losing majority autonomy (with in this case, consensual relations).  

Honestly whatever this is: get me the fuck out.  

---

Istg so many of these people are just alt-right losers, not Jewish, and just stoking a divide in this country because they seriously believe Daddy Trump os going to save the little man.  
Spoiler: history says no.  

---

Just in case anyone needed to know, my favourit bit of rumour-factoid from Cable Street was not a plain old potato; it has been said that razir blades were involved.  

Be thankful when your local antifascists don't turn up armed; one can acgeive a lot with even a potato.  

(Might need a salad potato for a Porsche, though; everything on them is dainty. It's like a lipstick red mini Land Rover. Just... why.)  

---

Ohhhh.  

I've been watching the by-election prep work.  

Gotcha.  

---

[Holy fucking shit; someone's shown the man his own Catechism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRAkWpBQ/)

---

Recording yet another example of democratic interference which can only be explained by access to device level, and nudging of British community. Target is bonds holdings.  

Boy oh boy.  

I cannot wait for the 23rd Feb; I can't wait to hear how we justified our national security needs.  

I need a certificate displaying my official danger level, after you fix everyone else's problems, because apparantly that was "necessary".  

I will hestitate to join the dots for the audience; I am livid, obviously.  

(On a core level, this is also just extremely repetitive, boring, and pathetic.)  

Btw if anyone with an NSO license or similar wants to gift access, my friend you will not be disappointed; I'm annoying to watch when it's someone's job, let alone if I could bring back pop-up nyan cat direct-to-distro.  

---
