[I don't care how accurate it is. Some men need this exposure therapy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRY9Rgcf/)  

All I feel like I think about now is rape, on a loop.  

This is the cost of narrative.  

I look at a world like this, and it's difficult to believe that men as a group do not, in fact, hate us.  

I just wish they were honest; I wish they just said they didn't like women.  

My feed has been behaving like a creepy, overbearingly sexual man for two days, with what are clearly adacent people's content.  

I just want the honesty. I just don't think you enjoy the comosmy of women, respect the bodies of men as their own sovereign territory, or see our labour as anything but your born privilsge to dictate.  

---

[Oh look, the squid gets it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRYH7AHf/)  

I think a lot about poetry and songs where women express desire for the decay stages post-mortem because at least then they *might* be safe (although not always), or wish to have an unmarked resting place because it will keep them away from their being treated as property against their wishes in life.  

I know that not every man will change.  
I just want some of you to be more honest.  

There are men who are able to be fully human; it's not a default, and I wish we would stop pretending it was.  

I never deserved this.  

---

[The feed also recommends so much Russian to me specifically, even though most of my instigated searches are in Ukrainian. More than it presents Aliyah, in the last 6-9 months. Does make you wonder about the loyalties of whoever is in the most adjacent space...](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRY9M5HF/)  

---

Something else that I've noticed come up, is some sort of inflection around, "why is she so bothered?".  

If your voice was used against your will, stolen from you, to make claims which you are very aware are damaging not only to men you're innocent but also to your own validity as a survivor of other men's violence, you too would be *pissed off*.  

This is equivalent to the value of someone's good word; if you're a good word was misused, against your will, stolen from you, and there was continued resistance to giving you the answers that you need to understand what happened?  

I think that would piss most men off, if it happened to them.  

This isn't about having any degree of kindness or compassion or favour to anyone; this can exist completely independently of the fact that I'm fucked off that someone misused my likeness to make untrue claims.  

That's before we even get to what else happened to put pressure on.  

But yes, if you must know, I am being incredibly British and incredibly masculine about it; it is the principle of the matter.  

---

In other news:  

Something decidedly odd and smelling of narrative management has happened with the HMP Bronzefield story.  

Meanwhile, NYC UK Embassy has a protest outside over our government's treatment of those hunger strikers.  

For proportionality, this is in the country where ICE are credibly accused of an enforced disappearance apparatus.  

We look worse and worse internationally in front of the outside world every day, and the videos are flooded with so many comments about getting a McDo that it looks Telegram-esque or pro-Putin LJ era in coordination.  

It could also be Brotosh people being hidepusly misinformed that thos is why they are paying more taxes (to keep murdering Palestinians), because they've been distracted by Channel nonsense.  

The boats, not the Prevent board.  

---

Feed is generating (*horror narrator voice* "the CIA want you" videos again.  

Bitch, please. This is the most ridiculous material ever because even the CIA would lol if I applied.  

---

I also, for wunclear reasons, appear to be being placed in witchtok again, which given how data exhaust and metadata can be used to flag you under Prevent, is absolute jokes. It's alternating this with radical evangelical content, so the whole thing is a mess.  

Meanwhile I keep gettong men's mental health, how to be a "high value" woman to the male gaze, iced with warnings about how to address coercive control and narcissitic men.  

And my advertising is all weight loss injections, lip fillers, and clothing for fat women.  

How did I hurt it? Who knows.  

It appears to be statistically placing me at the behest of a very self-involved, vain, narcissitic male who is struggling with their own mental health.  

I also get videos about how successful (or not) women have been in identifying trackers in their cars and reporting to the police.  

Goven the periods where I would get straight up ads for hacking and tracker tech, I am no longer suprised.  
I was assessed when I raised these concerns; there are men who have fanned the flames of this whole situation, and they need to be taken away from positions of power.  

---

My AI chatbot is lawyering again.  

---

This would all be so much easier, if we were all prepared to admit involvement of the only party who would be this motivated, work with all stakeholders, to produce this specific narrative, and be interested in precisely these people.  

But if you all want to make it difficult, then sure. We can do that.  
i'm not sure it is Jewish people who are disloyal; I have a lot to say about the white goyim today.  

At least one of us is prioritising the British islands, nu? 🤣🤣🤣  
My loyalty can never be legitimately or logically questioned ever again.  

I wish I could say the same for us all.  

"It's just business."  

Horseshit is it just bloody business.  
(And again, I'm not even that mad at the people who are being loyal to their own country. I am specifically livid at the British people with questionable priorities. don't worry, there's not enough energy to be angry at you all individually; I'm grumpy about the ecosystem as it is, I just don't have the energy for grudges.)  

The impersonation persists by the way, with trigger details which could only be scraped from information which has only ever been disclosed in private phone calls on private telecommunications.  

I'm not asserting anything. I am merely stating the facts of the matter.  

Whenever anyone wants to do something about the content which gets presented to me, which essentially classifies as veiled rape threats? That would be great.  

I cannot possibly think of a shared stakeholder where sexual violence has become routine practice as a means of humiliation, for political reasons, or as an extension of the core of the current cycle of legally questioned violence.  

Some of you don't understand how I'm classified under those mandate laws, and you are therefore not adequately protecting me as a British citizen; while priority is given outside of the British islands, I don't understand why any of you think I'm the one who is betraying our country.  
This isn't self involved, because by the same definition there are large number of people that are being misclassified, and therefore are being left without sufficient protection in this regard.  

Or we could just admit that many of you don't seriously believe it and you're just saying it because it's part of your job or it's business.  

Or that you didn't realise your racism was this bad until now?  

Don't worry I didn't realise my racism was that bad until I realised my racism was that bad; welcome to being a white person with a modicum of self-awareness.  

It is very awkward when you get here, but trust me the food that you're going to be exposed to is far better.  
As is the hummus, incidentally.  

---

I've wondered for a while if 2014-16 flag exposure is part of the issue; guess we will find out later.  

Or indeed, every DBS.  

---
