I should probably find it funny that "the algorithm" (😏) trying to convince me to stop writing emails about information that is physically harming me in how much its been monumentally fucked with, that has cost me a medical degree, that has included weirdos with vibrating boxes in the flat downstairs, and which included jackhammering through the pavement.  

Like surrrre...  

That's just a little tiff that I need to forget about.  

Even more facinating is that a whole bunch of crawlers had to be dropped and cloners dropped to like a third of what they were before someone had to commit to something in writing. 🙃  

But it's cool.  

Clearly my squishly little girl brain is just making shit up again.  

---

So many politicians with so much to say about the risks to my safety which are NOT the biggest risks, and which can be mapped clearly onto specific origins for narrative...  

Do they know how "reliable" that data is?  

You all need to cut the obsession with the Persian empire; you're making it weird.  

The guys who hounded me behaved as white fash, and as far as I know, they're still out there.  

No actual fucks were given about Jewish women who have been raped before; it's all about that gas field and that photo album.  

Stop using my name.  

---

Given the outputs of the data feeds I have (read: TikTok doing weird shit), a quick note.  

Whilst it is extremely tempting to convince The Men™️ that I am telepathic, psychic, and/or a witch, I appreciate that you're clearly on some sort of synced up man-period right now, so we will keep it simple.  

I don't have secret hidden knowledge.  

However.  

If you give me a lawyer's response, and if exposition on such shows *signatures of behavioural proxies* then, yes, the algorithm has somewhat betrayed you collectively.  

It's not that hard.  

It's almost as if I was training to be some sort of deductive problem solver before all of this got this bad.  

Funny that.  

---

