(let me have the v silly plotline pls:)  

im going to lead by pointing out that thos change could be completely coincidental.  

there are also lots of boring explanatioms.  

but my headcanon to amuse myself / for the plot, is that the remaining crawlers may have hust been pulled bc the west's premier data mining company has a fragile corporate ego.  

its not the gov; they know they're a bunch of ents.  

(it would be funny tho; i feel like there's a satire node here but my brain isn't there yet.)  

(i also used to get targeted job ads all the time for this co., at the height of my words being chopped up into algorithmic policy mush, and suppressed as mathmatical results. i'm aware of how silencing the contracts around this procurement are, so i'm not pushing intent or blame. it's just so opaque that it's hard to say, "yeah nah chance is zero", and i think that's most of the transparency world's issue with it.)  

---

also just realised the different between the data exhaust for my drafts off-repo and what's on-repo.  

there's a bunch, but "this is another notw phone hacking in the making, except worse"? that's on there.  

there's a lot more you can do with manipulating the info should you so choose, than news of the world ever did.  

you can basically mush the data and chuck it in different people's directions, and because it seems to inducate in advance of press, it can feel meaningful.  

it's just bad maths and the same competence in piping as current british water supply.  

but also v alt-right friendly; you can see this in a number of current issues but hunting defo had it.  

the piping to the gov is delayed compared to same data to the most alt-right adjacent uk party, so no accusations, but that pattern is sus.  

and i dont want those weirdos controlling the convo, honestly.  

---

DAMN IT 不不不不.  

just a cache error; the extraction continues.  

---
