[I am in the correct algorithmic position please leave me here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRFsy5kb/)  

---

[g-ddamnit.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRFWD6Jk/)  

i mean there is basically no way that someone isn't trying to increase system stress with these; they're getting too explicit for trigger phrases for diagnoses now.  

who even is this 不不不  

i was promised cyberattacks would be like the matrix. wtf is this?? 不不不  
"just tell them they're jesus."  

"how?"  

"idk just make some ai content."  

i mean how to stop the ai bubble from bursting by increasing population cognitive burden, amirite 不不不  

it's either money or alt right or both. that's my betting.  

---

[Basically this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRFWXCk2/)  

(Thank you to whoever or whatever swung that algorithm back.)  

Does that mean we're in WW3 and Cold War 2?   

So we're besties with the US in WW3, but digitally Cold War with them?  

Idk man I think these billionaire men need hobbies.  

Or just put them in a room together and let them have it out; this is boring, tiresome, and I still do not have my hoverboard.  

---

(I mean they're literally burning up rainforests and signing off on genocides globally for... this. I just don't think these people should be left unattended with executive control of the resource share that they have.)    

---

[Glad to see everything is going well.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRFWwPS4/)  

Not the point, but I really like the beetle.  

Important to point out that my feed is mostly, for the large part, returning to to something that looks normal-adjacent.  

What I mean by this is that it appears to be delivering content that has some degree of relevance with content that I've searched for or watched before, rather than being for example, distressing known (in context of justice data) CPTSD triggers, or indeed content which is essentially delivering what looks like fortune telling but has for whatever reason, delivered into a placement where the content of the message in the specific details are disturbingly similar to real life.  

I'm really glad that is the case.  

I'm also really glad to say that my aggressive "claim back" of any territory whilst I was going through the process that proceeded this period of normality, half an hour ended up producing some of the best meta data and memetic ghosts I could've asked for.  

[This, for example, is beautiful.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRFWoHX3/)

I think it's been really interesting to go through this process and look at the data comparatively, and I don't want that to take away from how objectively horrendous some of those periods were, or how the lack of knowing and the lack of resolution continue to produce an unnecessary traumatic response for me, as a person.  

I feel that sometimes it's not really understood that I have quite severe trauma, and when people look at the same the size of this reaper and say well isn't that evidence that you're doing really well, that isn't really taking into account how much of that is compensation or how much of it is actually showing forms of distraction done almost religiously and rigorously because my symptoms are so bad.  

So if all the funding for your area gets cut, get a GitHub I guess?  

I'm still gonna take notes and see how things come out because sometimes it goes quiet and then it starts becoming a very negative overall experience online again, although I'm hopeful that whatever was potentially hanging around as a cheap and bargain bin way to mess with someone, has been pulled, and the stack has collapsed.  

I would like that.  

---
