I believe in better.  

I'm not saying this from a place where I feel strong, and I'm saying this fairly close to tears, which I'm going to be honest - this is actually quite physiologically difficult for me to do (meds). I say that to emphasise the strength of emotion, and to emphasise the place that feels like we weakness that this is coming from.  

But I do believe in better.  

I often find it very difficult to get through the December season, and I know that that's very similar for a lot of other people.  

It's really such a shame that you can have as few as one person in your life really hurt you, and sometimes that is enough to make an awful lot of everything else very difficult.  

It's not that I don't have gratitude for what I do have.  

It's that my load is quite hard to carry, and that I'm tired.  

Everyone gets tired.  

In my life, sometimes I have felt too tired, to be able to carry it further.  

Which is why I often choose very actively and very deliberately to believe in better.  

It's not that I particularly want to.  

It's not that I particularly feel like it.  

However: "if I am not for myself, who will be for me?"  

So I choose, sometimes quite resentfully, to believe in better.  

And I hope that however amazing or however shit your December season is going, that you might be able to access that belief in something better too.  

---

In other news?  

I now have three controllers who are convincingly in breach of the DPA and respect to answering their SARs, and it actually excludes any law-enforcement who have used generic exemptions, and excludes the breach of FOI with a different controller. This excludes the Ministry of Justice, as I'm waiting for a return that I'm hoping is with the right person now.  

All of these have been like pulling teeth, and it's really such a shame that I'm still getting stonewalled.  

For all of these institutions or organisations, I have answers which cannot meaningfully make sense in the information they presented, and the work that they do, and the function that data serves within their environment.  

There are two potential outcomes:  

Either the entire country is now so behind and so lacking on transparency, that they are fundamentally unable to answer to the law, or alternatively, something has gone very very wrong with my data.  

It has gone very very wrong since 2016, worsened in 2018, worsened in 2020, and worsened again in 2022, and since then progressively worse every year since.  

There are likely to be some systemic factors, but obviously it's quite difficult when there's this much damage, and this much irregularity, to not think that at least should've been some prevention of negligence, if not some audit of the record at least in the bigger organisations.  

I'm embodying this sort of mixture of being absolutely terrified of the full extent, whilst also being desperate for that relief to finally know, and just get it over and done with; paradoxically if I can ascertain the full story, it actually puts me in a better stead to access appropriate safeguarding for the level of damage.  

So the whole thing feels very weird.  

I also think it's very likely that the staff you are answering me genuinely do not know about the full extent of what has happened, and I'll probably getting told to manage and contain it more locally.  

I think this is really dangerous and such a shame when once we put your name to a record anywhere, you are signing off legal documentation, and it essentially becomes something you have to prove at a later stage if it's ever brought up in Court.  

And then I'm going to remind everyone that I've already stood and glared at my father in Court; I am quite capable of going up on a witness stand and saying what happened.  

I am quite capable of going up on a witness stand and same things that I wish I'd never had to come out of my mouth before, because that's a somewhat rigid sense of justice that I have, when under Oath.  

Tzedek, tzedek: tzdorf!  

---

In addition, the algorithmic placement is now obviously so poisoned by previous attempts to frame someone and  impersonate them, but as we have previously discussed to using very racist tropes that do not match this person's ethnicity, or this is still ongoing, that my social feeds are essentially acting like the worst catfish attempt in the world.  

I don't mind it when it actually reflects back what it looks like a human beings taste who is somewhat close in data terms. This is far more pleasant.  

It's the rest of it that is comical.  

Because what it seems to be doing is picking up on proxies for a motive behaviour (this is how the TikTok algorithm seems so "good" at reading people), and effectively reflecting them back.  

If at some point, they were a party of data brokers, or reputation management services, involved?  

They have created that data link themselves, and the machine is just being a machine by picking up their behavioural proxy data, and turning that into data at my end, whilst assuming that we are in a close enough relationship that it statistically matches it for, "how he's feeling".  

This is robustly hilarious.  

It's almost as good as that leaky penis email.  

Sometimes when I feel really down at the moment, I just remember that someone did that to themselves, and they're having to live with it three years on.  

And that somehow makes life more tolerable.  

---

What I also love about some of the adverts that I keep getting in the last few weeks, is that it's really indicative of who's picking up the script now.  

We are at the reduced section of the bargain bin.  

It is glorious.  

The fact that money has been pulled this extensively, and that goes with the crawlers as well, is a very particular sign.  

It's a sign that I am going to win, and it won't take that much longer to get over the finish line.  

Thank goodness, because I need to sit in a very hot slightly humid room, and be beaten half to death with branches.  

And then roll in the snow like a husky.  

(Look those of you who seen me in person know how transparent I am; having the same innate needs as a Siberian dog, not that surprising.)   

---

Less than 20 hours of this DOJ release and I can see *exactly* why so many people would really prefer I wasn't alive enough to be verbal and responsive.  

---

"All I see is a whole lotta dinner." 🐍  

---

Oh, it makes sense now why we've been so nice to me on the feed recently. It makes sense why I've been buttered up.  

I don't think any of you understand surviving: I am perfectly rational at the same time, but I am absolutely livid, that we  still live in the world where any of this happens at this scale at this level and you have the audacity to lecture anyone else about morality.  

I mean, keep buttering me up. It is slowing me down...  

We all know I write more when I'm angry. ☺️  

I wonder if we should test how well that little fix to the reputation management suppression system is going; how are the mathematics fairing on that, since we lost the crawlers?  

---

See, if I had that wealth, I'd listen to Machiavelli, and I'd realise that fear isn't something that's "winnable" here, and diplomacy would be the best option.  

But you guys chose harms and tort, and to pretend it was "national security" to try to gag a child rape survivor.  

So I obviously cannot *wait* to see you all squirm to defend and deny in public.  

I now also understand why I go *so many* Luigi Mangioni thirst traps when I did.  

The poors can sometimes scare you, can't they?  

I think we should redistribute the seat.  

---

The absolute audacity of some of the police responses that I got...  

I know they may not have individually known, but my goodness...  

You can see why the Americans love their guns, and why they call so much of a fuss over "stand your ground".  

If you're reading that as a threat, it's not one; it's recognising quite how much fear was acceptable to put me under and to put me through, so that a very unimpressive, will be at wealthy man, could feel slightly better about any convictions that may be coming his way.  

---

The behavioural nudges as I am literally writing this, and how they changed depending on what I say out loud to myself?  

Absolutely hilarious.  

Obviously, we have already established that there's no possible way anyone has device level access.  

Obviously, we have all determined that it's just my silly little girl brain making things up and seeing patterns where apparently there are none.  

That's why my phone company won't give me a full SAR.  

That's why a political think tank won't give me a full SAR.  

That's why my university won't give me a full SAR.  

that's why no police force will give me a full SAR.  

That's why both my current NHS trusts got very delicate when I asked them for SAR.  

And I'm sure it's got nothing to do, with waiting from the Ministry of Justice for two years I've been living through digital harassment that is visible on Google, but is deniable to every police officer whoever looks at it (perhaps their Internet looks different to mine, this is technically possible to do, especially on a working computer), can't see the porn next to my name and the references to my child rape court case.  

And obviously it has nothing to do with my rest lining up with a date which would justify surveillance for the entirety of a particular reading for a particular bill.  

Which obviously has got nothing to do with the fact that a political party cannot give me a full SAR.  

Clearly, the defamation of my medical degree after there was a CPS decision to prosecute, obviously not related at all.  

The entirety of this country is incredibly weak.  

What is happening?  

There are several possible options.  

The first, and I'm sure you would agree the most likely, is that I just have a squishy little girl brain, which is incapable of sound reasoning. Clearly, this is the most obvious answer. Obviously. Clearly.  

That was the fact that governance across many places where I've engaged has been piss poor, quite frankly. "I see no evil", well clearly for some places that is the case, because they can't see (and there's text to speech to accommodate).  

Then the slightly less pleasant option is that some people have decided that I am worth less than whatever monetary value, or whatever social value, was seen fit to exchange.  

I am already proving you wrong, and I will happily prove your lack of judgement further.  

How much is a human being worth on the market nowadays?  

How cheap was I?  

I at least hope you haggled.  

(Again, obviously none of this has anything to do with anything and it's really just pattern recognition by my squishy little girl brain. Obviously, no one benefits at all from shutting up one of the very few child rape survivors who went to Court and got a conviction in adulthood; there are absolutely no men in the world, especially in the UK, who would ever benefit from that.)  

(This was a frequent problem when I worked in paediatrics; there is a very large Grey zone between "legal advocacy" and... the *generation* of reasonable doubt.)  

Don't worry. I've already got an essay in progress about it. There's a whole ecosystem in this country, should you be an adult who wishes to get off with child abuse, and you have the spending power.  

That's why it's frustrating to see such a delayed output when it comes to powerful people and child sex abuse; it's really far better that they've tried and prosecuted exactly the same as any other fucker.  

Delay is a weapon for them; while let them have it?  

I do rather hit my father has been enjoying the attention. I can imagine that would be the case.  

---

Oh.  

OH.  

I was going to make a joke about whether I could be a biography now, given how much TikTok time we have spent together.  

My brain is just fully comprehending the amount of exposure and the degree of knowledge I have on what generates behavioural proxy signals.  

And obviously, the network of people who are probably reading this, and how that ends up being useful in those terms as well.  

This is categorically hilarious.  

Almost as categorically hilarious as a leaky penis email.  

It's difficult to say which one is funnier to be honest.  

I think what we can say is that there's definitely some humiliation kink going on here, although that might be quite a recent discovery.  

(English men. 🙄🤷‍♀️)  

I think we can stop pretending to be a Scottish Arabic man now, yes?  

You're allowed to share the horses though I do rather enjoy that, and you're right, the Arabian ones are funnier and full of character.  

Once you're finished the recycling, I'll take one of the big ones; this can be the starter pack for, "Mummy I'm so sorry".  

---
