lots of behavoural nudging via telecoms and now a suspicious html file appearing as download when using google.  

spicy day.  

---  

also going through the "show her all the symbols/ads/vids about locking life-threatening aggression on the other side of the door" again, but not as strongly as when this was prevelent (approx 9 months prior at peak).  

awesome sauce.  

also being algorithmically placed for aliyah-adjacent content and palestine action coverage.  

go figure.  

i cannot possibly imagine who would be finding this cluster of topics to be of interest.  

(they've gone for, "only choose songs from pakistan idol", so gold star for attempts at cultural sensitivity; there is an attempt to not flatten all of south asia into one. baby steps.)  

there was an initial staying with the son of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan (because Sufi music goes brrr, innit), but they're feeling it out. it's quite sweet, if you squint.  

---

i've been going back through 2 years of "war" reporting to build a timeline of arrests and suppression in the anglophone diaspora, and my feed temperature is still weirdly set to, "convince to be tradwife", but with added epstein.  

tradwife flavour gets unlocked with current affairs views + femme coded user, apparantly.  

we could have had hoverboards, guys.  

---

now getting lots of placement for metadata attached to this piece of legislation; i have never received a s49 RIPA warrant, so no idea where this is going.  

https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2000/23/section/49

---

i love my feed.  

inbetween things that bare any statisticical reality to my metadata at all, there will be a random vodeo dressed as a fortune reading: "IMPORTANT! DO NOT TRUST THIS PERSON! THEY JUST WANT YOU TO BE THEIR DIRTY LITTLE SECRET!"  

obviously that casing of the script was more wild than that but cba.  

[so just cleansing the timeline instead.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR6vdo1s/)  

there were several years where spotify kept placing me as a gay man; being aligned statistically to cartoonishly "girl" clothes, soft relationship advice, and the accessories of "girlhood" is just very, very off for how my sode of data inputs should impact any algorithmic placement.  

the week of m16 spin-off songs in the style of sea shanties was more "on brand".  

---
