there's lots of style formatting errors that shouldn't be there; I do have some regret that I'm not retraining, and that the errors will persist, I have a lot of single point errors which have extrapolated, but I'm quite happy just to get things out and to be processing some of the corrections and links.  

I've got enough information to turn into the ICO, regarding the persistence of temporal metadata ghosts, with evidence of serious harms; I suspect which contractor/vendor is responsible. I personally don't feel that their contract should be signed on 30th without significant scrutiny.  

this isn't to say that you can't have a contractor, or you can't have this contractor, but clearly something is a very wrong about how much it's leaking and triangulating once it leaks.  

(I want you to take a guess at how difficult this node was to process and commit.)  

---

all in all, I think 21 weeks after being fed a series of "the CIA is watching you" type prompting injections, is pretty good going.  

Personally, I think that's all the portfolio I need.  

if someone would like to get me out of the legal red tape now that would be lovely.  

---

> Now Sauron's lust and pride increased, until he knew no bounds, and he determined to make himself master of all things in Middle-earth, and to destroy the Elves, and to compass if he might, the downfall of Númenor.
> He brooked no freedom nor any rivalry, and he named himself Lord of the Earth.
> A mask he still could wear so that if he wished he might deceive the eyes of Men, seeming to them wise and fair. 
> But he ruled rather by force and fear, if they might avail; and those who perceived his shadow spreading over the world called him the Dark Lord and named him the Enemy; and he gathered under his government all the evil things of the days of Morgoth that remained on earth or beneath it; and the Orcs were at his command and multiplied like flies.  

---

also, my spcials now read this company as being a dirtbag ex, which ngl is slightly hilarious but also *please* can we untangle?  

what's really funny to me is that I reported the first leak that actually pertain to confidential government information in the summer. (I didn't need to do this, it wasn't really a horrendous leak, but I reported it because of the potential security concern. I didn't actually have to do that and I was in a position where I've been let down significantly over a course of time by government institutions, in exactly the same way the data leak it happened so I actually kind of feel like I was doing a solid, here.) I then got escalated as being potentially psychotic. I am now thoroughly rubberstamped as "mental but not psychotic" (my wording; it's true). When I find really interesting about this is that it's suggests that someone has downgraded the concern of the leak, but as I've already discussed in the field logs, I am getting a lot of signalling relating to disclosure like the Epstein files, through the links that I have as a result of having been the subject to someone else's concern. Whoever "got this, boss", has not got this. I've displayed with sources and citation, as well as maths that stems from observable analytics and observable outputs, how exactly my data is being mined, and have the suppression being reversed by convergence, essentially demonstrates that that data twinning was there to begin with, which itself should write serious concerns about how the prompt injection started.  

It would be really helpful if the people who are still burying their heads in the sand, and pretending that the men in suits actually know what on earth they're talking about, and are actually being honest during procurement (LOL.), could kindly remove their heads from the sand, and actually fix this.  

I'm not going to threaten to leak data, but obviously you have to appreciate that what I see and what I get exposed to in my algorithms is likely going to be informing what I make posts and nodes about, and as I am a human being, I can't guarantee that it is not going to inform my bias, or what I might question, or what I might spend extra time going over transparency and accountability for.  

I mean, it's your guys call, really.  

---

[Chmuli and I had the same Prevent referral fr.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR6eQNxS/)  

---

Difficulties committing `👾_federated_residual_shadows.md`. Lel.  

---

Difficulty committing `🗺️_digital_hybrid_sociality.md`; persistent additions beyond house style document in generation.  

---

Idk if I'll get this one out for a while but fwiw, threatening to deport someone to a country that just tortured them, is ridiculous. I frankly don't care how horrendous Alaa Abd El-Fattah's tweets were or weren't; we shouldn't be sending victims of torture back to the authorities who perpetrated the CIDT.  

The gesture politics of this is disguisting; fuck you to the milk-toast liberals and "conservatives" in nake only, who are nowhere to be seen when only more bodies will protect communities from alt-right street violence, but need two tubes of anusol to get through one man's tweets; none of you want to fully denounce the man who won't apologise for gas noises and Bergan Belsen slurs - you're happily worling with him sat cozy in Parliament with you - even as he pretends to forget that he pantomimed Jewish murder for yours.  

But he's white, even if he is a Huguenot immigrant.  

It's almost as if the pressure to conform makes people worse, and the pressure of whiteness turn some people into expressing radical hate, as a way to protect themselves from any potential "othering"; if you're still prepared to work with a white supremacist unquestionably, then I have a feeling you may not be ready for this conversation.  

Just ask him if he's a white supremacist. I dare you all.  

That's how you find out if they're real neo-Nazis or not; they usually try to wiggle out of denying it outright.  

It doesn't work 100% of the time because obviously one can lie, but there are a lot more aware of the narrative. They're pushing behind closed doors and in front of the demos, then we ever give these people credit for.  

If he's proud to be one, and he is one, he will probably resist denying it outright. He will know that he can't say it, so he'll do this wiggling thing.  

That's why you got such a strange answer before; you all had the prize right in your hands and you didn't push.  

So if there are genuinely people who call themselves socially or financially conservative and yet somehow want to strip someone of citizenship and pay for the type of flights which are essentially private charter in order to deport someone against the international norms of the last century, to a place where they have incredibly experienced CIDT?  

When you say you're doing it in order to protect Jewish people in the UK, you can say "except..." and include me in the exemptions.  

I really wish the white goyim would stop hurting people and blaming it on Jews; this is white supremacy, a lot of of you are doing it, and it's people like me who will feel the threat of violence as a result.  

Stop using me to threaten people.  

Stop using me to do a genocide.  

Stop using me to do weird white people things in general.  

If you want to be a Nazi, just own it and say that's what you are.  

Have you noticed that no one is comparing his hunger strike, to the other hunger strikes which have been denied executive intervention, and yet we're pushing up the arbitration of some tweets as it means to decide on citizenship up to the executive?  

Does any of this sound like reasonable and proportionate to law and order to anybody?  

I thought conservatives were slow to change. I thought the left was supposed to stand for working people.  

I think a lot of you got very racist during 2020, and you're just trying to convince everybody that it's Jews who did it to you; this isn't true, you're just racist.  

The idea of young British people dying, incidentally, because of the labour parties loyalty to a weapons company, is a horrific abandonment of the idea of the duty of care that the government has when one is in custody of the state; we should all be absolutely terrified of this, not least because almost the exact same legal scenario applies whenever any of us go to hospital.  

---
