 As much as I love tech, I am coming to the conclusion that feels inevitable: proprietary technology, even when used for entirely non-recreational purposes, has put us in a place alike to having cocaine as a first-line analgesic agent. It's not that it *doesn't* work, but whether it's really what you want to whip out for every headache? Somewhat debatable.  

 ---

I've been experiencing a lot of what I would term nuisance activity for the last 10 or 15 minutes.  

I was quite happy looking at washi stickers and listening to Mozart; I had no intention on coming on here to write.  

I do feel I'm often in a Catch-22 situation: whatever is producing this narcissistic demand within the system, often acts in a way that I am forced to evidence, so simply ignoring it isn't really workable.  

I appreciate that this volume of writing isn't ready something that a lot of people are comfortable with, and I didn't really want to write it, either. I did this because I kept hitting up against an invisible wall, whilst trying to get what are quite basic legal processes sorted.  

Even now as I'm "writing" this, because I'm dictating, lots of additional words that I'm definitely not annunciating are being added into the sentences, which then require me to go back, check, review, rewrite.  

This is essentially my norm now, and I'm someone who does require dictation for a portion of my experience anyway, because of the profound pain caused by being upright for long periods.  

---

As I go through and try and tidy things up, I often find myself going back to that drone footage from the Nepali Parliament being burned down, with the Muse overlay. I think drone foot edge is given us a whole new type of media in a way, but something that's interesting in viewing it as a piece of art, which sits almost of a transparency film on top of the very real political event, is that whenever I see buildings like this go through something like this, I see something that I never expect to see because of my impression from the outside is an observer. That is to say, it always shocks me that, and this is the case with a lot of buildings which are of this elk, that it is only the outside wall, sometimes even only the front facing wall, which is almost done up like a prop on a set and it's really strong, it always shocks me that the inside is far weaker for flimsier, but I also understand that there are probably really good architectural reasons for this.  
I think in the moment that we're in, it's a good reminder that something can seem really powerful and imposing and impenetrable, but that might just be the really hard really thick really impressive looking wall on the outside, and actually once you go through that first wall, everything else is a lot more normal.  

I'm not telling you to burn any buildings.  

It's just something that I always notice in that footage, or something that will stand out to more than the fire itself is just how much the fire illuminates that.  

And again, this is quite normal than a lot of buildings which were made to be impressive on the outside within a certain period; it's interesting that the need to convey wealth and power, without necessarily having the underpinnings of strength throughout, is just that obvious architecturally.  

I think it also probably speaks to a really significant unrecognised sense of pain and urgency and exhaustion in the wider workers, that you can be reasonably mellow as a person, but still find some feeling of satisfaction to watch something like this; it often surprises me how I feel emotionally watching these things, because it's not how I used to feel 10 or 20 years ago.  

I think in many ways this is the price that we pay, for this kind of image management that we've been doing since the financial crash, and it feels like austerity has really stuck all of our noses to the grindstone so that we don't really get much rest, after the pandemic.. I think we're seeing that native the general public to be able to express themselves, although we can all disagree about the methods in about appropriateness, it feels like there's that deep human emotional need which needs addressing.  

I don't know whether you call it the mix of grief or tiredness or sadness or anger.. I think it's just very true that a lot of people and I include middle class people when I talk about workers, are just really "done". I guess for my governance point of view I would consider that dangerous but not in a way that I would seek to police or clamp down further, but rather to try and alleviate.  

It feels like time when I've had a really awful PMS day and someone is even *about* to tap me on the shoulder. Just don't. We both know it's a bad idea. now if you show up with hot drinks and sweet treats, that might be a different conversation.  

It almost feels like we've had 15 years of the system that essentially tells us to put up and shut up, but we are going to that point where maybe some of the emotion needs to be let go, I would just personally prefer it to be in a controlled and safe environment, rather than as an explosive thing.  

It's becoming quite difficult to see how the 1% can continue to place themselves so much in disparity to others, but at the same time not expect civil unrest to increase to the extent that it is a direct risk to the 1%.  

I know some of you are quite emotional about that concept, but I've said for a long time, and I'll repeat it now: capitalism of this nature could've survived a lot longer, had it been done less harshly, because the harsher that it happens, the more people are prepared to mobilise against it.  

Right now, it feels like we're on a precipice. I am genuinely not sure which way things go from here.  

A lot of people have things to say to me as a white person because I've favour not having a violent revolution, but actually a lot of of it also is coming from the place a thing is if you disabled: I know that no matter anything else about you, if you are able bodies, there is absolutely no guarantee that you will be able to be even able to help me with the basics, should the infrastructure of our society come to a stop.  

For people like me that is something which is pretty illogical to negotiate on, Peter kitty for those people for whom that would essentially be a death sentence.  

I've said this before to others, I wouldn't survive repeated short-notice displacements. That would be the chances of my survival incredibly slim. I am far from the only person that position, in what are seen as the more industrialised countries.  

That doesn't mean that people don't try their best not only to survive themselves, but to help other fellow human being survived, but really speaks to the level of detachment you would require from your own humanity, to consider this to be acceptable behaviour, for anyone at all.  

there is this concept of being inside and outside the community in Judaism, and we're not thinking about a small community by itself, but rather inside or outside of the practice of our way of life and values. Most religions, and most folk practices, recognise some form of this, and often we talk about expulsion as being only ever something that happens that are really extreme, really abhorrent level, of harm by an individual. It's a useful point of reference, when we think about what it means to be detached to our humanity, or to be reintegration our sense of humanity. There is something about the word humanity in English which doesn't speak quite to the plurality, which is often recognising other religions and other languages.  

One of the outputs of empire, is that often when we speak about groups of people, it's got a very imperial meaning to it, where is most of our practices and the most of how we do things in our spirituality, these are closer to a shared divine consciousness, then they are to a electoral register of people, or a population chart.  
<!--I know this sounds really weird, and I'm sure it's probably just coincidental, but I go through periods since those guys were in who left in the summer, where the house at random times at night will just smell profoundly bad, and I can't trace it to any of the drainage points (so kitchen water is fine, boiler is fine, bathroom is fine), and it's definitely nothing that either I've done all the cats have done. So now it's February and I've got several windows open in what's already a single glazing apartment. Because obviously. 不不不 I really hope it's coincidental mostly because it's not that means I have to go and find out what's causing it, and I genuinely cannot be bothered to go down that route with contractors. do you know what it reminds you of actually? Because it's not that sort of blocked smell, it's more like those scratch scratchy fart powder sachet as he used to get from the Brano, or the brand that I can't think of that used to sell these really cheap magic tricks for kids. It's like it's not a mothball smell, but it's got that sort of dry feeling to it. It's just really pongy. 不--->
---
