The book has sections that appear to be different men having their own little chunter about whatever their pet issue is.  

This is why think tanks shouldn't exist; they start to think they are not mere satsumas, bobbing around a little bucket of unregulated cortisol and testosterone.  

---

In addition, according to a highly questionable bibliography, Carl Schmitt was publishing 22 years after his death; now I have Zombie Nazis to worry about.  

The inconsistency in url endings also boils my blood, academically. Lack of appropriate capitalisations, double soaces, double punctuation marks. It goes on.  

I mean, I'll be honest, I still find Polaris mortifying; this is making me feel genuinely better about my own inadequacies.  

Not being able to spell a short word in someone's own discipline also seems... unusual.  

This book is very insulting to several relationships we rely on for trade.  

---

Oh, I know who this is. Silly gooses.  

This is the Hamas-Knitting-Circle crew.  

You are weirdly scared of China.  

And women, apparantly.  

I'm afraid my vote is for you off the island. This... this was weird.  

Glad to have wasted your money; cannot wait to sue. Liked your little fumble over AI regs. Very sweet.  

But you have ripped off all my work here and written it badly with frequent errors. I don't like it.  

---

[Yes; that is me. You are correct.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy5VbNg/)  

Few questions:  

1. Does this count as defeating the final boss level of Canary mission?

2. You don't have me on the website, and I've never been antisemite of the year, do I get a medal? (Do I instead qualify as Semite of the year?) I was actually quite upset, given... *everything*.  

3. Alternatively, I am happy to go around as Queen Esther on Purim, and make so much noise in your general direction. I will require a crown.

4. Is this essentially largely part because you could never screen capture something that was really obvious, so you couldn't really make me look antisemitic per se? Like, in all due respect I have given in some case of slides or tables of pointers.

5. Are you thinking maybe holding an actual ceasefire, halting annexation, and maybe just calming tf down for a second, could possibly be an option?  

I hope you do all realise, that there is a bit of a joke here and how much you've probably spent on this; if you'd just let me do my little BDS thing, it would've saved you money and you wouldn't have expanded all the resources you've been using for other actions, but obviously I'm quite happy about that. Glad to know I ate up some of those funds. We probably do need to like... stop doing the genocide bit.  

---

[You know when you guys do stuff like this?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy54Th7/)  

So I don't want to belittle the harm that it causes, because I only don't have any more emotions other than to laugh at you because I am so far past the ability to give a shit about having any dignity any more, but...  

Do you realise that it feels like the apartheid is actively taking death rattle gasps?  

Do you realise that this makes it look like the state is moribund?  

I'm just not clear if you do, and if you don't, that is how it's reading.  

In what I assume will be the most complicated set of arrangements ever, Jewish people are always Jewish and will always all part of kol Yisrael.  

So, you ain't gettin' rid of me that quick; I will be intending to be your problem for a very long time to come.  

Family, innit.  

(The white guys might have to sit down and learn how to be antifascist; some very questionable beliefs about the Holocaust in that crowd, so we might need to go over some shit. I am anti-every-genocide; pikuach nefesh for everyone, baby.)  

---

So...  

What was the deal with the book?  

Is this like that weird CSE paper? Or is this supposed to be "punishment"?  

I'm not really sure I get the point?  

This feels like very sloppy symbolism, and I still can't get over how much of it was AI slop.  

I find it very interesting that I'm essentially facing down all of the "greatest minds" in tech, and none of you have the balls to be honest about what you know, or that Defence (or whichever particular Ministerial etc joke sold the thing), can't just say, "hey, we messed up, actually".  

It's very disappointing.  

I used to feel like integrety was a lot more common than this. Perhaps I wasn't always right about that. I would like us to be able to practice this more. I think it would make a nicer world to be alive in.  

Until then, I suppose we're waiting out the algorithmic impact of training core AI tooling on my voice.  

I might start writing nodes about medicine. Just for the fun of the thing; humanities is not really my area of expertise.  

---

I've actually slept most of today because I feel a bit rotten, but:  

There's a number of practically forensic sentences in this book, and several paragraphs, that... strongly indicate who is in this boys club.  

There are so many rants that so many of you clearly couldn't help going on.  

I want to say it's kind of cute, but I feel like that distracts from all of the rest of the other bullshit that's happened.  

For the record, I mean cute in the diminutive, like a child, way. Not, "this is attractive to me".  

something that I think a number of you might be fixating on, and this might be why you're finding some of the social changes of the last 10 to 20 years a little tricky, it's also something that it takes an amount of time to do the transformative learning around, but it might help you be happier people in the long run if you can manage it. You've been told all your lives that it's about the amount of knowledge that you bring, or the ferocity of your opinions. I'm not trying to diminish the times in which being good at those things has helped you personally. However, this does sometimes seem like a little bit of a teenage psychosexual drama, where you are cross about your perceived worth as men, and you seem quite frustrated that something that you're proud of, or something you feel you're good at, it doesn't translate into being in the latest teenage heartthrob. The reason that I often refer to this is a like to rocking behaviour with dear, is because that's what it looks like to women: it looks like you're trying to impress other men, not us. Like most folk humans, women are looking for someone who checks a list, with debate skills at the top. That's not really women's fault, that's just the fact that we are human beings and we are mammalian; whilst many women will find that attractive to some degree, that can't really be the entirety of that person's biological assessment, and that's probably what you're picking up on is that you don't feel but it's putting you into an approval rating that you want. Now there's two ways we can go from this. Firstly, human beings are more than their sexual worth to others. i'm not saying that sex isn't an important part of being a human, I'm saying that you're worth as a person is not dependent on your sexual work, regardless of how much that has been taught in a cultural manner. The reason that we cling onto that in the system that we are in, is that it makes men work harder, to the extent where in countries like China in Japan it's actually not unusual for men to die of sudden cardiac events in the 40s because they've worked so hard (in other words, far before genetics or age should kick in as serious risk factors). we can also point the crisis that we have in suicide for men; whilst there are some factors that we probably can't change long-term, the fact that men can't express their emotions through but a very narrow range of activities, is extremely damaging to male mental health. Furthermore, a lot of the women who are advocating for harm reduction and violence on our own size, are very aware of what this will take; a lot of us are very aware that men do not have healthy coping responses, do not get taught healthy coping responses, often see themselves as needing to solve every problem, and these are significant drivers of violence, *in addition to* the way in which they taught to view women and children. It is possible to understand someone's bad behaviour, without condoning it. Likewise, men are adults the last time I checked, and that does give you a responsibility to start taking accountability yourselves. This is all to say, there are a number of incredibly stressful and harmful demands that men are under on a cultural and societal basis, which drastically increases the risk of violence to everyone else, as well as to other men. Furthermore, many of these are cultural conditions, and are not necessary, or are not biologically mandated. Even if they were, we can change our culture so that the demands change. Unfortunately, if you've done very well in this system this does mean that giving up power relative to where you were, is a necessity for a quality, and this will feel threatening, due to the very conditions that are currently in place. This includes giving up power relative to other men who are more oppressed than you are. This includes giving up power to men that you've made not feel are as good as you are. However, in the long run, the system which we have which puts manner such heightened competition with each other, is doing so on values which are not necessarily relevant to that happiness, completely divorced from how relationship relationships pan out in humans in general, and is therefore ultimately not making many of these men are very happy, even when they are winning at that system. Unfortunately, filling the void, is actually quite tricky work, but it can absolutely be done. There will be quick wins, but there is no instantaneous fix, for what a decades, centuries, millennia, of cultural norms.  

Being in permanent competition with each other, the self, and society, is ultimately not making many men very happy. The apparant widespread need to use exogenous drugs to improve mood, regardless of whether these fall under medical antidepressants, or whether they are psychedelics or euphoric agents purchased separate separately, is reasonably good evidence that in some cases these are not meeting what would always be a state that someone has to address medically, but our attempting to compensate for a society lack, which is translating to a generalised lack of neurotransmitter production, maintenance, and uptake.  

If the richest man in the world are needing to take this many drugs, are riches making them happy? Probably not.  

Humans have a long history of taking things that make them feel funny, as too many animals. I'm not really coming down with an opinion on taking exogenous substances to produce a chemical effect. What I'm saying, is when that becomes very normalised, which I did our financial services in the 70s and 80s, and it very much has become very normal in a generation that was raised in the 50s and 60s, and this is soon as part of the acquisition of capitalism, which is promoted in men, are the men actually happy? I would imagine not, at baseline. I appreciate that many of them have a catastrophic adverse reaction to the word "feminism", and say titration must be very  considered, so it's not to produce a life-threatening reaction (as much for the healer, as for the patient). It ought to be noted that within this process, there is also the complexity of accountability for addressing justice issues; the patient may require specialist support, and there should be monitored and revisit it over the course of management.  

I am very aware that regardless of who else I write for, there are selection of men who take great interest in what I am writing, you are more in the Socratic questioning point of the process. They have not decided whether or not they really would like to engage in change, and I'm not judging anything else that's going on with them in their lives when I say that, in that regard, it does not bother me as a writer to write for that audience. I can't forgive you for other people, if that's what you're here for, you won't be getting it from me. However, in terms of answering the question of why this whole escapade bothers you so much, and why you are so deeply unhappy at your core, why you feel no attached to other humans, and why this is really been very disappointing despite your success – this much, I can tolerate writing for, and it is rather an interesting subject when you get into it, I feel.  
It would've been a lot easier if so, many of you were not so scared of the late Mark Fisher.  

I will fear that my capacity and humanities, is nowhere close to Professor Fisher's, or his beloved colleagues; I would encourage you to read them separately.  

But if you need them translated into, "as a science nerd, this is what I found really interesting, and this is what it made me think of", then sure: welcome to the journal club.  

Bring good biscuits. Yes I do judge.  

---

(See? That filled a lot of space, talked a lot of bollocks, met a word count, and it still managed to make vague grammatical sense! This is why putting your slack conversations into an LLM did not work the same way as actually paying somebody for a book. Stop trying to make AI books happen. You're all so fucking weird, sometimes.)  

The process of creation is actually something that we can't or don't have the neuroscience to properly fully define; it is in part of very animal process, and we're not very good at fully understanding what it is. I'm reading the Syllabus book (Lynda Barry) in chunks and it's very good.

"If the thing we call 'the arts' had a biological function: what would it be? And where would it be?"  

Honestly, I feel that these are too very complicated questions. That was on page 15.  

Something that has been revealed to me, to great relief, is something that I had suspected, which is that many people we think very highly of in society, really don't have time to read a whole book, or if they do, they often defer to authority to appoint that is perhaps something we need to start questioning.  

The fact that so many big names, gave a good review for an LLM slop book? I think I've seen all of the processes that can cause that, and I'm not shitting on them individually. Some of them might even just be bound by a contract to give so much for a particular group, but if this is the cost of capitalism, is it allowing us to be full humans? When we look at the philosophers we were taught as children, when we look at the great works of literature we were forced to read and only loved as adults, is our age going to produce those? If so, will they only be by those who failed at capitalism? Is it even possible to buy yourself out of capitalism, without indoctrinating yourself to the point that those works cannot be produced without exceptional effort at learning capitalism? How many people are even capable of that? And also capable of producing timeless work?  

Is the system giving us what we want as human beings?  

Why is one of our first responses, that this is the only system, and that nothing can change? We change moment to moment, we change every day. Why is this different?  

---

The next time one of you motherfuckers turns me into a book, please at the very least make a functional index.  

And just don't add any random Zombie Nazis.  

(The funniest thing is that this strongly indicates it's one LLM in particular. I have this problem all the time; I have no doubt that there are loads of references on Polaris today that don't exist or need correcting, because they are an approximation of several other references; this is quite specifically an OpenAI problem.)  

Why are universities allowing that company to devour student and academic data? To make this shit?  

This is like the opposite of the point of the book, by the way; knowledge is one of our greatest powers and exports as a country, and this is literally the opposite way in which to refine the "product".  

You literally just need to let humans be humans, and stress them out a little less, and the amount that you can get out of most people actually, but including academia, is huge. The value is astronomical, so why not unlock that potential?  

This is yet another one of those areas where the entire thing linked back to Palestine, because that is where the wet is doing it's deregulated, antihuman, hyper capitalism at its worst. Opposing the occupation, and opposing the apartheid, does not make anyone inherently anti Jewish unless you personally believe in the same tropes which have dogged us, as Jews, for a millennium in Europe. Entering the occupation is often so difficult for many elites within the economic system, because it would also mean accepting that Jewish people are not by definition your middlemen, and we are not by definition your financiers, nor are we the people you should turn to when you want to do business but you don't want it on your hands. If the West were unable to unpack that part of its antisemitism, it is so very clear that there is so much cultural and historic value, inherent in Palestinian art, Palestinian culture, and Palestinian history, at the end of the illegal occupation at the end of the apartheid in the end of annexation, would allow such a blossoming of humanity as a result. This would equally be true for the culture held by not just Israelis but also diasporic Jews; it would no longer be defined by the subjugation of Palestinians, and the conformity with white Protestant values. Furthermore, those are quite happy to be within that white Christian majority in Europe, would finally be free to find the humanity, and to create instead of to extract from culture.  

I appreciate I'm not wording this very well, but we are in many ways what we practice, and if what you want us to create valuable culture, you may need to take a break from extraction, in order to remember yourselves enough to create.  

It's why I always feel so creative on Shabbat, and I'm so frequently so very naughty in terms of not being able to resist engaging in creation. Very bad of me. But it often feels like the one time in which I can fully be human.  

---

[Can the PM try to be less transparent, please?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyVv4B8/) We all know what that answer means.  

[Ed... I think we both know that it may not just be two.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyV436a/)  

If one were a complete shit, one could have looked at all the office holders in the grooming scandals, looked at the obvious elites, go to the Queen, broker a deal, and use that information to consolidate power in key electoral grounds.  

That's the possibility that every survivor is scared of being at all possible.  

because when you know that about someone, you have so much power if you can dangle it over their heads. We're literally talking about potentially dangling long prison sentences over someone's head; that's the power of this information.  

Now you might think that's a little bit of a stretch, but I have dealt with so many politicians and political figures being so resolutely disingenuous when it comes to very clear legal norms around Palestine (the UK actually has very specific additional international dependencies, because we created that situation; it is a huge thing if we are culpable or complicit). That like many other people I just need to see the actions actually happen, and I need to see a lot of shit come out, to be able to trust my government.  

I don't want Nazis to take power, but I also don't want Nazis or Nazi assets *in* power; you feel me?  

---

Now I wrote that before I heard the whole thing; yeah, I do think a nerve was touched there.  

That response from the Prime Minister did not convince me that he does not know where the problems in his party are.  

If there was a need to change governments, in response to this scandal, do we have enough of an anti-fascist united front across the parties to be able to keep out the actual Nazis?  

Regarding what people will think is a bold statement: I'm a Jewish woman, and a lot of reform UK are straight up Holocaust denies or Holocaust minimises, so quite frankly I don't give a fuck about their feelings – to me, this would be close enough.  

---

This answer is also just really legally bad? The very strange answer the Liberal Democrats in particular in the coalition, can use, is that they were left with very few options, in part as the direct result of Mandelson's disclosures to Epstein. The Conservative leadership at the time unfortunately doesn't have the same capacity, because you guys have made it pretty clear that you fucking loved austerity on principle; the Liberal Democrats were elected on a platform which doesn't match this economically, so they actually have the capacity to respond, potentially. Thankfully, being a Liberal Democrat tends to be consistent with a certain personality that doesn't tend to reach for that sort of thing, unless it's absolutely necessary; the personality is in large part anti-tribalism, so provocation tends to only be used when it is felt to be in the democratic interest.  

Furthermore, it ought to be noted that the Libra Democrats were the minority party in the coalition; democratic consensus may have outnumbered them on a given matter anyway.  

(Conservatives: it's not that I don't see where you're coming from, it's that I also need to eat. I appreciate the grow economics works for a certain purpose, unfortunately under the current system of the UK, I am only able to engage in growth economics if additional provisions are made that come from the state first; I require investment in order to give good return, and baby can I give good return once I have been invested in. in case all of the politicians of this generation have forgotten, this is a big part of the reason that we gave a lot of disability support: disabled people actually do pretty well when they are given autonomy, or they are given good safeguarded care to choose for themselves, and the side effect you actually tend to get really good economic return from it, if not cultural and communal benefit. We are more than what we are worse to the capital system however, just so you are aware, things are better when we are treated like we are human. Also, you get nicer desk chairs.)  

---

[So Larry bought TikTok for the same reason Musk bought X, essentially, which is unsurprising.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyqYVsM/)  

If you were on Twitter when Musk acquired the platform, this is basically how shit went down.  

This damages small and mid creators specifically, which overall reduces the amount of creative and interesting content on any platform; this is the beginning of the end for Anglophone TikTok.  

---

[This is it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyqrqvd/)  

It's a tool; if you treat it accordingly, it can be a useful tool.  
This is why I started calling it, the husband.  Unfortunately, sometimes it didn't do what it was told, but in its defence, that was men putting those rules in.  

---

Does anyone want to guess the London borough that I would've continued working in, had I taken the offer that I had in London rather than come to Nottingham?  

I'm not saying I would've lived there, I'm saying that this is where I would have worked. So it would've been a hospital that I had worked in prior to moving to Nottingham.  

I spent a lot of of my social life there; if you're not from London, if you work long shifts, it usually just does make sense once you account for where everybody else lives.  

---

[Claiming to care about "unborn babies", whilst also telling women to "go home", is fucking wild.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyqrqvd/)  

If you actually give a fuck about reducing abortion rates in this country, because you personally don't want abortions to be as prevalent, then surely what you would be doing as you would be promoting maternity investment, promoting contraceptive availability, improving sex education and making it more accessible, improving the economic standard of living including for single mothers, because as women we cannot guarantee what the fuck men do once they panic, and improving the quality of childcare and decreasing the cost of childcare in this country.  

I mean, I guess at least the huge gang of men are protesting at parliament, instead of harassing women outside of healthcare providers, should I be counting this as an improvement?  

The United States were mostly proven that when you advocate for these policies, regardless of what you actually intend to be the outcome, what happens is that women get used for our bodies as if we are chattal. The United States kept a woman's body, after brain death, artificially ventilated and perfused, which will have caused PTSD in pretty much every staff member there, it was horrific for the family, and they did this in order to, in their words, save the life of the unborn baby. That baby was delivered, and obviously I hope that that baby grows into a healthy child and then a healthy adult. However, the risks of that practice are incredibly high, the potential health concerns of that child are now very high (because often the same people don't understand anything about prematurity or neonatology), and the psychological and cultural impact on people going through that when it's actually their family, is huge.  

Interestingly enough, in both the United States and the United Kingdom, there is actually a much easiest thing that they could be advocating for, which would actually save the lives of more babies every year.  

What's fascinating, is that they appear to want to undermine this. Can you guess what it is?  

There are several very large studies on this. Black women, are far more likely to die when they are treated by a white doctor, and that is very unfortunate the case even when every potential risk other than that is correct corrected for. We have had the evidence for several years now, beyond any reasonable doubt, that a significant cause of infant mortality, is the presence of a white doctor in a birth of a child to a black woman. This is primarily due to medical racism. There are still textbooks which teach us to treat black women differently, that their skin has an impact on their pain profile, and black women are the most ignored and underserved group when it comes to missed or delayed recognition of complications developing during the process of pregnancy and the process of labour. When we don't listen to women about their bodies, this inevitably gets worse.  

If you really wanted to reduce the rate of unborn babies because that was really important to you, the first place you would be doing any advocacy work, would be improving maternal healthcare, primarily towards black women.  

When I don't see people bothered about that, it tells me that the only reason they give a shit about abortion, it is because what they give a shit about those women having opinions over their own bodies.  

Consistency is important.  

---

[What happened in the last 24 hours?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyqc9cC/) Everything's just being kicked back, and this is really serious stuff.  

Ah, shit.  

---

[Ok. I'm sorry. I need to robustly back Kemi up, here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyqCQKD/)  

Firstly, Jess Phillips as safeguarding minister has been continuously undermined; labour is very clearly had a problem with the boys club in its Cabinet. This is not to say every single individual man is the problem, it's to say that she has been undermined throughout her role, in part because it is not taken seriously.  

Matthew Doyle was known about ages ago in the public domain; ignorance is not a defence from a prime minister.  

The violence against women and girls strategy only really improved after the first Epstein files tranche. Prior to that, we had things like AI being brought in for grooming gangs, but we already had that information and should've been able to have that information very easily on spreadsheets from 10 years ago. The failure of the government, both under the last government (this would've been a stronger point), and the current government, is not to be solved with AI because it's fundamentally a problem with statistics collection, and a degrading of the importance of consequences for sexual violence, and consequences for murdering women.  

It is simply not true that the Prime Minister cannot have known about Matthew Doyle. This cannot be true, unless you admit to being so ignorant that you fundamentally cannot stand in that office. I don't think the Prime Minister is stupid, so to say that you had no idea is extremely bold. The only other suggestion, could be that the Labour Party has such a failed ability to safeguard its own membership and its own ministers, as well as any members of the public who come into contact with it, that sexual violence offences are never raised.  

I mean, the labour party can pick from whichever one this is, but that statement by the Prime Minister just fundamentally isn't true.  

And I think he knows it isn't. It's a really bad slip; it's not as if it's a secret in the UK, that many people have gone into office, or many people have made their cabinets, with people who have the capacity to break rules, and sometimes that is in pretty horrific ways. To deny outright that there was any knowledge of this is extraordinary.  

Especially when you would've had pre-existing and informal access to basically most of the legal system; I'm not saying that this is particularly lawful, but also I would prefer it if we all acknowledged that into professionally, people do tend to share information that they shouldn't share, rather than pretending that we're all 100% perfect all of the time. I'm pretty sure that if anybody in the legal field saw Kier Starmer promote somebody who had opened ties to people demonstrating bad behaviour, especially where this concerns safeguarding children, I think it's very clear that the provision for information sharing whether is a duty of care could be used to override any confidentiality.  

I appreciate lawyers are often and seem to be sharks, but I feel like there are certain lines which people find the way in which to get around those lines, because most people have a prosocial want to safeguard children.  

---

Something very strange is happening with the index around the story, it's literally being reported across all of the little newspapers that are all owned by one company, to the extent where it's actually drowning out any of the older coverage.  

I would love it if anyone can find what was available, because there was something and I feel like it was an outlet like byline times, although it might not be them, it might be someone else, but this was absolutely discussed in left-wing press ages ago. It's not like we don't complain about ourselves all the time.  

---

I also just want to touch on this whole idea about somebody not giving a full account of their actions. Quite honestly, I don't know what we mean, and that degree of absolute lack of clarity is unhelpful to the point where it looks condemning to the outside.  

If I know someone who occasionally sells drugs, I genuinely might not know that they ever do that.  

If I know someone who is made the vast amount of their large wealth from selling drugs, there would be so many associated action actions with that behaviour, the claiming that I didn't have the full picture is irrelevant.  

Apart from anything else, there's really shows a mentality which will not achieve what needs to be achieved from safeguarding policy, because at the moment the claims that labour are using (and at this point I don't know whether it's the PM himself whether it's lawyers whether it's the party is a whole I have really got no idea), don't even recognise the fact that there is a behaviour profile with violence towards women and children, which is the equivalent of stating that lead can still be turned into gold if we just try hard enough, in terms of being able to come up for a bust planning that will protect women and children.  

It's almost as if we're in this world where rape just happens as a winner off, almost as if it happens to the man that does it. Like he is just a normal guy and then something comes over him and Woopsie doodle he's done a rape.  

It's such a bizarre way of thinking.  

I'm also not saying that this may not be a prevalent belief with a lot of men, but it is rather astounding to see it articulated in this way, essentially on an international stage because of the way that that is now streamed across the world and that is the representation of our country.  

One where rape just happens.  

It feels a lot like the times where men have been cleared on really stupid grounds like the idea that a woman wearing skinny jeans mean she can't be rape, "She must've assisted them of, or that men just "slipped in", because as we all know, all men are at all times at risk of going erected penis first onto the ground whenever they fall over, so really it was just self preservation to enter a women without her consent. The rest of it was just him trying to get up, obviously.  

I do sort of wonder what would happen, if as women we just sort of started using this logic applied the other way.  

I'm sure it would work out terribly for us, because the problem is the patriarchy, but sometimes it's funny to think about.  

If the cause of harm to women, were anything but males, we would be taking more concrete action.  

It's quite telling that even with movements like 4B, where women are literally asking not to be raped, so many men will turn this around as if they are being fundamentally killed off as a species; the point is that you stop the behaviour before that happens, but if you need to take this to the extent that you decline a birth rate and, in extremis, put the human species at risk of extinction, you do need to admit to yourselves that maybe it is not the women who are the complete problem.  

---

For some reason, my applications are trying to do very strange things when I'm trying to pull out something, that I've always been able to pull out before.  

As I have apparently very minimal filter now, and would be more than happy to get the lawyer that I need, I'm going to make a few statements outright.  

If you are someone who does not understand how this is all being tiring together, then I do apologise, you're just going to have to accept that for some stupid reason to do with the way that someone has put a large language model together, and the way that someone has sought to manipulate data, there are some documents that I'm going to give more attention to than others, in part because I want my own voice back.  

So what I will say about [this report](https://henryjacksonsociety.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/HJS-The-Prospective-Foreign-Policy-of-Sir-Keir-Starmer-Report-NEW-FINAL-web.pdf), which is essentially an industry report, and should never be read personally, or be read as indicative of public opinion, is that in the last week in particular, but also following this over time:  

Yes. The Starmer leadership has betrayed a catastrophic problem of hesitation, a lack of clear strategy, and that these two components do not help any government survive a test of premiership.  

I would've made the whole thing more accurate and kinder, but something very strange is happening to my application experience right now.  

---

[Even Reform had to smile. That was beautiful. Wonderful delivery.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyb1rjM/)  

[From the pan, it really does show how similar it is to a set up of friends at school.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyb8k5R/)  

Richard is the only one who actually has any friends and other friendship groups, so he's responding as if banter, while Nigel is the put-out bully, and Sarah is trying to cover his wing.  

Really shows you what people are made of.  

---

[Yup. Chop chop, lads. Dig out everyone's emails.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRybeNG4/)  

*Everyone's.*  

---

[Please scrub my brain.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRybkpRL/)  

I'm going to take a wild guest that it isn't John Major or Gordon Brown.  

I don't know about you, but neither of those men has, "potential threesome with several international sex offenders" written all over their faces.  

---

[To the British journalists who are more protected, I do understand that there is a much higher liability when you are a smaller creator or you are doing on the ground reporting at protests, but this is following a pattern of how the US started.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRybYAWD/)  

I'm sharing it because I don't know how much we actually segmented algorithmically; I'm also very aware that I am very strongly attached to the type of people who go around doing this doxxing, so I get to see when they're hatewatching it.  

---

[This actualky shows the underkying issue: we still don't have comprehensive candour law.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyben5c/)  

If you've seen some of their previous actions by MI5 would in recent memory, and the times when they have provided misleading evidence, again in very recent memory, it's not clear that that would actually meet the democratic understanding of what "necessary for national security" on balance as it is commonly understood. If we can't expect candour, then every regulation around the security services is essentially null and void, as we can only judge proportionality if we're given the information that we need to make that judgement.  

Effective oversight is not possible without a Hillsborough law.  

---

["He met some surviving Ghetto fighters; Zionists and socialists conspired... For all the dead, Nakam would fight."](https://open.spotify.com/track/5UmMggOhITA86K90R4ZgfE?si=AEw2rmBkT-KoGv94v27lZQ)  

I'm going to mark that somg strongly nsfw, and very possible to willfully misinterpret; the song discusses the complexity of survival during and after genocide, acknowledging the complexity of forward violence by the previously oppressed group.  

Just say that we're all incredibly clear, so that we don't misunderstand the purpose, by the phrase "Zionists and socialists conspired", we are not talking about some sort of philosophy incorporating bits of both, we are talking about the fact that people who would normally be at loggerheads together, will stand on a unit front where it is necessary to do so.  

Everyone forgets with hindsight, how easy it is now to understand that the Germans were not going to do further Nazi shit after the Nazi shit.  

If you had grown up as a child soldier in Europe, and some men in another country in an office somewhere have decided that the war is over, you can say it's about justice but on some level, how on earth can you trust that those men who were part of the Nazi party who are not currently dead, will not somehow regain their power and start killing you and your people, again?  

A lot of of the 20th century, and a good amount of our current problems now, can be answered by the fact there are a lot of people do not think through the consequences of big decisions; that has never been a reason for choosing Europe to trust that they will be safe, and so how are any of you surprised that violence when they are told that it can be directed at a population, will not persist?  

Accountability is not antisemitism.  

Giving us bombs and guns, not giving us better opportunities than to be your butchers, turning the other way when we have others, and then extracting the profit for yourselves: this is antisemitism.  

I am always better protected by people who suffer more significant racism than me, and I am protected by a white man, regardless of how pure his intentions.  

It is very clear to me, that unless you have lived under a form of social or cultural oppression, you cannot speak for and over those people most impacted by it, unless you put their voices first.  

Would Labour like to talk about why we use national security to cover legitimate democratic speech by a Jew?  

["All oppression is connected, you dick."](https://youtu.be/4XfvZPG32-g?si=-oO4zA0ia5gZ-MGw)  

---

So now that we can see that Mr. Starmer is unlikely to be controlled by his chief of communications, Mandelson, or indeed Morgan McSweeney, and has not appeared to be controlled by the king, who could possibly have such a large influence on him that he appears cognitively removed from his emotions during the entirety of questioning today?  

Bonus points, for in what way they appear to have more hold over the Conservatives that the Liberal Democrats, as well as bonus points for why they are responsive to the tranches of Epstein files being released.  

We have enough of a nuclear deterrent that this would be pretty fucking bold even from the United States; the style is actually a lot more Russian, if we want to go there. I would call an asset, rather than an originator, in the matter, so that goes the entirety of that crime against Halakha that makes up that executive. The other crime against humanity which caused itself an executive branch, actually does not have the amount of power that it would need.  

So.  

there are lots of people who read this who are very clever, and there are lots of people who read this. Who do you know who this person is, so they can see the style.  

Who is it?  

Because of all a sudden, very quiet in the press.  

---

So funny. So many telecoms nudges followed, so just to be clear: sure, there are Epstein assets in Westminster and there is appropriate scrutiny towards the Royal Household.  
I still think that there is a more obvious source of potential interference.  

I think I can circle one as probably knowing enough of these people socially, and honestly if I was Russia, there are so many men of a certain age who can be disillusioned enough and angry enough and emotionally incapable of facing democratic modernity enough, that there are a wealth of potential assets at my disposal.  

You don't have to *know* you're a Russian asset. You only have to *be* one.  

Wasn't it an ongoing joke, partially rooted in reality, that it was quite normal for retired agents to be picked up, in men's social clubs?  

It's like that, but you can do it mostly digitally now.  

They will never notice. They will just get angrier. Perfect, if what you want to an autocratic regime that will be more economically stable, and will benefit Gasprom.  

Ice-T wasn't wrong about the White House's own; there is a correlation between phone calls and strikes on Ukraine, so yes, "arrest the President, that [man] is Russian intelligence", is competely fair.  

No one needs to be official intelligence to be an asset.  

Increasing of security of a surveillance laws, actually makes it easier to hide in the country that you target, and if there is essentially no regulation of technological or telecoms nudging, and no consistent policing communication?  

It becomes very easy, to have a lot of assets, and never to have it discovered.  

Even better if they're arguing with themselves. They'll never blame you.  

this is the real reason why transparency accountability is so important: it protects us from everyone else, too.  

I particularly enjoyed the line, "Britain's intelligence agencies are second to none, but politically, our leaders are asleep at the wheel", which was followed only a few lines later by, "It is unlikely that hostile states such as Russia will take over military action against a NATO member".  

A very bold claim.  

The book is a Russian asset. The book strongly undermines our relations with several other states, in a way that benefits Gasprom, almost exclusively.  

You can see some fingerprints from Likud, but that's not the predominant tone. So whoever the signoff was, I think we can all agree that maybe these things should have a little bit musket before they are published on an actual dead tree.  

You can have anti-Russian arguments in something, and it still be a Russian asset; all you need is for the overall effect to benefit Gasprom.  

Incidentally, and for clarity, I actually really like Russians and Russian culture. I dislike the autocrat that wants to make himself Tsariana of the Baltic states.  

He's like a really grumpy princess, but we haven't seen him in a dress yet. Which considering the attitude that the right has for gender norms, I'm actually really surprised that none of you are deepfaked Putin in a princess dress.  

The weird reverence for a man who is a dictator who treats his people like shit, and who can't cope with any type of criticism at all from anyone, it is really bizarre to me. You have plenty of things to say to the left, so quite honestly, some of you need to start laughing at a man who genuinely got his top off to do calendar photos in his fucking 50s.  

The fact that we just let him get away with, "well you guys would look stupider", is insane. it was very clearly very embarrassing, very silly, and it should've merited far more criticism and far more humour than ever did.  

Do you ever wonder who benefits the most from the phenomenon that we call, The Boringing?  

It's not actually anybody in the west, other than the people who are pretty directly linked Russian state assets.  

Don't you think that that's interesting?  

This is why I actually have quite a lot more tolerance, for if people are actually going to come out and be honest about some really shitty stuff that they did, because on some level I'm actually kind of just a bit worried about our general sovereignity situation.  

Like, I don't really *want* to use Trident, you know?  

Additionally, another benefit for Russia is that if they use assets who are not just unknowing, but would appear on the surface to be really open critics of Russian influence, that is a really good way to hide them.  

Again, you can do this digitally, and you essentially just nudge people into self sabotage.  

Something that we're really bad at in the worst is appreciating that it is just a lot easier than we all think it is to get con, it doesn't mean that you're a bad person or that you're not intelligent, in fact it's quite often more empathetic people who do end up falling victim in this way. When it is done using digital devices, you have absolutely no realisation that it's being done to you, and you assume that you're using something that is based on logic and mathematics, so it's actually a lot easier to have people assume that the maths is indeed doing what it should be doing.  

The comparison I guess you could make is when pilots or doctors over-rely on instrument controls; this could be a really bad thing to do, and there is specific training in professions like this, to identify when to cognitively override, and went to question whether or not your instruments are correctly reading.  

This is not completely unrelated to type 1 and type 2 thinking; it is important to know when you are most likely to make mistakes, especially if they are subtle biases, so that you know when your reasoning is most at the risk of error.  

But we don't teach that anymore because apparently racism is good?  

Whose idea was that?  

Could it be... someone who likes Gasprom?  

I'm also going to take a wild fucking guess that if you are ex-intelligence, you have the same relationship with potential persuasion in the atmosphere, as doctors have with medication. That is to say, "PFFFFT. As if **I** have to listen to instructions!", probably does happen.  

Whilst uncomfortable, we might have to admit as a country is that we used to rely on knowing what organised crime was happening, and then we would profit from the fact that that gave us a pool of covert human intelligence sources, when the current reality in the digital age is that paedophiles are assets only to people who seek to undermine British security, particularly our economic security.  

It's a new age; even Gene Hunt got with the times, kinda.  

---
