[When you see something that looks like a test of authoritarian powers, and a test of whether or not the law will be upheld and applied as it is written, or in it spirit, or not at all, take that as somebody somewhere benefits from trying to do an authoritarianism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCrRdj/)

---

Two Jewish men (almost certainly imagining themselves as Mossad whilst doing this), trafficking and micromanaging a Jewish woman, so that amongst other things, they can empoverish her and then pretend to be a Muslim British Army Officer to solicit her (whilst talking about their own penile insecurities), in order to entrap both a Muslim man Jewish woman into voice capture, so that (amongst other things), their Christian mate can write a really shit book, using The (LLM) Voice Of The Alg Right™️? (+/- dead in the process)  

I don't know, man. I don't feel the audience are gonna buy it.  

Too camp. Too much effort. Not believable drama.  

Get me a fucking lawyer. 🙄  

Or hand over your British idiots.  

Mandelson & Blair: Excalibur is on the list.  
Johnson: Dw, so is The Calm British Care Voice™️ pilot.  
Simcox can answer questions, as can Streeting and McSweeney.  
Also looking sideways at Gove/Truss Justice handover, although tricky to pinpoint Defence (Shapps, rather than Wallace?), Braverman appears in several adjacent roles in this Cabinet(s).  
To be fair, the entire thing was a fucking mess; I'm not the only person who gets confused month-to-month and that period. Only consistent thing seems to be Steve Bannon hanging around all the time. With or without whatever was going on in Prince Andrew's little Pitch@Palace venture. Does Nigel know how out of the club he is?  
and obviously the Victorian ghost haunts around at some point.  

Fucking hell, lads.  

Do you not have better shit to be deein?  

So much resource, so much wealth, so much power, and yet.. so lame.  

I won't lie, imagine doing a little queue attempt every year and every year it just...pppffftt..out.  

So who brought me back early, and who pulled the plug?  

The reason anyone in the UK should care about this, is because this particular digital artefact, this little voice capture and blend, still has an active LLM algorithm; it still has impact on sentiment analysis across the UK, including in the cabinet and in the BBC, and it's essentially working dynamically of a **tiny** n-number. This is what is driving a lot of government U-turns, because the data is incorrect. There are other layers of inappropriate use of this data, especially an AI and data analysis, on top of this, but the main problem is that it is miss reading the national sentiment in such a way that is at high risk of outside actor interference..  

So I appreciate it sounds absolutely crackers, but, it might be worth checking in on if that digital product has actually been removed, and even if it has, all the impacts of it now so strong that it's left permanent damage to that system?  

Again, this feels like a thing that a datamining company should be able to easily see.  

especially if that data mining company is between healthcare and defence, you'd really expect it just to be able to see quite plainly what had happened and what the impacts were, and it's really weird that they hadn't picked it up and flagged it as a huge system's issue in a huge national security threat.  

That would only really make sense if they were acting for US national security interest, rather than for UK national security interests.  

whatever has been used as a carve out for this, they're absolutely has to be a signature where someone was at a human ethics board, or a human ethics oversight committee, and they have two have signed off clearance to override safeguarding and to override disclosure, to me specifically. That piece has to exist with someone who is in the ecosystem of research and development which connects on something to do with national emergency oversight or prevent oversight or safeguarding oversight or is in someway connected with justice, and sits within the red wall. it's got to be somebody who would've been able to sign off in the Covid emergency period.  

Update: I'm getting a very panicked centroid, so before this goes too far, I think wor DPP knows there's nore than a comfortable amount of data usage, but the immediate threat surface is the Trojan Horse by the alt right gooners. Impacts in speechwriting, sentiment analysis for policy direction, policy prioritisation; this is a commercial pilot, and another party is being given the material benefits as gifted service.  

This is why transparency and accountability law actually needa to be robust.  

You won't win back a huge chunk in the immediate rounds, but this is an antisemocratic process which is hosting in and mining the party, and it was not intended to be discovered until at least after a preferencial party was installed. The immediate concern is to neutralise the threat surface.  

Liberal media also has wide installation; this is why there is a sudden awakening, because some are seeing it.  

And I told you Larry videos give that return: cool, no?  

It's not repeatable forever; this writing is read by bot farm owners, too.  

It's a life ring.  

I think some of the juniors would be avle to catch everyone auld up on, you know, *everything they know that they can't say at work, if they want to progress*.  

It's become a place where everyone is on track for promotion, and/or has knives ready, or they are so angry that they are resentful, rather than passionate. That's what needs to change.  

If you want to avoid the process of fascism advancing, you must stop this "clone the opposition" thing; short-term fix, long-term damage.  

---

Amongst the incredibly erratic centroid we have just induced, there are some [good ones](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC6oDE/).  

---

[I feel if Billy Bragg is publicly going on the BBC to say he is voting green, Labour might have lost the workers.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC8CoM/) it's almost like you guys should already fixed this thing that seems to be impact in your data analytics so badly, because my goodness.  

---

[I'm not sure I want to admit how much I laughed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCrarU/)  

I was raised in a very musically diverse family, and let's just say that there was a significant amount of wartime pep song going on.  

Honestly, that might be a good 98% of the antifascism.  

---

[At this point, I'm just gonna make the toy story meme with, 'Nonces! Nonces everywhere!', as the tagline.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCk5R7/)  

---

[The first 2 seconds of silent anger, just at having to hear a question about it, is something to behold.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQwpJR/)  

Dictation off again, so chatter later.  
[This was too good: someone sent Comrade Liz to take out The Flabber Ghaster.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC2Jnu/)  

[Awww. Bestie! We back to doing our old nosing-on-protests thing together!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCj9YA/) You speak Arabic, too? Hm. Useful. This why you only know him as a translator? Culture extends through trade routes; the naming pattern is used pretty far into Hindustani subcontinent, innit.  

[Babes. If you want me to work on Iran analysis, I'm going to need the LLM kept nonce-free. I'm not working that way because yhat's how bad the error rate is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCRcS4/)  

[Jumping ship already, are we? Have you told the turqupise tories yet? Or is it just "all hands on deck", until you can rid a country that you don't even like, of people it has not even yet met? Go back home, sport. They like you there. Well. Better than we do.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC5g1U/)

Darling, you're not an Israeli ex-minister; please calm down. You do know a lot of the 2016 to 2026 crowd, though.  

You're like an onion, darling. Many layers, and a little crinkly.  

Oh! I know what you're fishing for.  

You don't understand agricultural issues in the UK.  

Is this because I said you needed the farmers for any revolution?  

But you're not giving the farmers what they actually want, sweetie. Are you?  

You've already tried that, and it's not a problem that can be solved by someone like you, because it is not entirely by itself a matter which can be fixed on policy.  

Actually, in this particular scenario, whilst I have been far more Republican than I appear, this would be a better matter for the King.  

They do have their uses, you know.  

I would have thought that, as an American in the current age, you would be well aware.  

Is yours not popular enough? Beloved enough?  

Ah no, I know what it is.  

Yours is not trusted enough to have fealty to his country, that people would follow him into and through adversity.  

The British one? Be that it may be *very* begrudgingly, you'd be surprised how many would.  

Particularly if they thought that some unknown upstart Yank was trying to take over.  

Besides...  

We do everything begrudingly, in this bloody country.  

That's how we earn the first cup of tea after getting in, in the cold.  

---

[Arguably, there's plenty going on in your own country, that you really probably could get a job writing policy there.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCsSTQ/) Why did you come here?  

The women here are rather cold, I'm told.  

---

[We all know, that men are not the prize; we know that you know that men are not all that.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCfkbV/)  

& I don't really know why you're doing all this, but British men are quite happy with women like me who tell them that they're being idiots, because most of them have grown up their entire lives with this omnipresent figurehead of a woman who slightly disapproves of them anyway.  

So if you would kindly like to go back to *where you came from*, and stop lecturing us about who we let in the country (although clearly we got it wrong on your visa), that would be wonderful, darling.  

Quite frankly, I don't need any additional men of an advanced reproductive age coming into my country, taking the job which could be given to British men, particularly when an AI could do it anyway. You are kindly invited to go back to the United States.  

We also don't need your foreign religion here; we did kick you out of Europe for a reason.  

That is an argument following your own logic, is it not?  

[Thinking about France again?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCfvQW/) I thought they were getting rid of superfluous American digital lobbying, non?  

---

[The fact that so many people do have a legitimate reason to do this, is fairly good evidence that the actions of the DOJ are unconstitutional and antidemocratic.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCVnQ8/)  

(You've spent an awful lot of time commenting on my country, and so I have a lot to say about yours.)  

---

*ahem*  

["So firstly, it's a very important thing that people understand, that when people the term, 'growth', is used – primarily by right wing politicians – let's define that term, because it is a relative term."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC9sRr/)  

See what I did, there? Do you guys like it? 😇  

We could all just stop playing this linguistic game and actually give the public some deliverables.  

[Not, you know, 600k on the 'executive' council car park.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfC9keC/)  

---

[I'm guessing this is in the feed, because you are bothered about 'wokeness' on campus. I see. It is just all about domination to you all, isn't it?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCuHu6/)  

---

[This is such a huge issue in our healthcare and I'm so glad to see something being spoken out at this level.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfCW7yo/) There are several examples of black women leading on this in the community initiative and NGO types sector as well, often and midwives themselves or have significant experience in this area. There is a lot of community knowledge out there, and they should be leading this change.  

---

im just waking to a cracking headache, and some weird comms from own healthcare, and my keyboard, dictation, and autocorrect all all over the shop. just had finance failure to process not attributable to balance so that's also faulting.

<!---

The real cybernetics essay questions out of all of this, are these.  

[bear with v migrainecday, notes so dont forget]

[yes, and in addition, in your support](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfWK9xA/)  

-
they received less PPE
-They were more prepared to go to the sickest People at the most risk, but also, positioned most likely in these areas and this coverage, because in general black and Asian doctors in this country, are more likely to give provision to deprived areas in this country then white doctors are
- This is not just to do with the qualities or the opportunities of the doctors of colour, but also to do with the choice of white doctors to not give healthcare to deprived white areas
- And also: there are recognised immune classes on the base of ethnicity, and when research is driven away from what will actually deliver tailored Care, to absolute fucking bullshit like whether or not a fucking horse drug is something you should buy five times the amount of and eat it like it's for breakfast,.... maybe just maybe our research funding should not be dictated by the emotions of white people, but by actual evidence based need, including an extending that to areas of research where white people don't materially benefit because it just ain't relevant to them
- Furthermore: I WILL DI ON THE HILL PF EXPLAINING PULSE OX TO EVERYBOSY

- But also whife peopppr we dont see enough melanated ppl in hypopxia to be ablr to supplementary with experience to a tool being inaccurate

--->

---

do you wanna know what's really telling?  

Every time I get very specific about where particular sign off has to be, in conjunction with pointing out that there was a deliberate attempt to undermine a serving British army officer (part-time though he may be, lazy bastard), and when I raised this through channels where I might actually be listening to it if I'm taken seriously... do you know what's really interesting?  

Someone keeps flagging it to Mental Health rather than saying hey do you want to show us the email you got? Do you wanna show us what you're getting on your device?  

We already know there's a huge cyber security issues across this country, and in the areas that I'm talking about, literally from foreign adversaries according to your own documentation you think it's China.  

No, I ain't saying it is or isn't China, I'm actually saying that you keep saying it it's China, but you're not actually even looking at what I'm saying is a cyber security issue, you just keep referring it to Mental Health because I'm a woman so I can't understand how like code works.  

And I appreciate, I don't really fucking understand half of code because why?  

It's not because I'm a girl, it's cause I'm too fucking lazy to learn code.  

I understand the basic principles, I understand the logic system that it's built into, I understand the math mathematics that it runs off, I understand how it picks up linguistics, but do you know what I don't really know in any detail which I have to really tip my heart off to everybody who does? I don't actually write code. It's not because I don't know because I'm a girl, it's literally because I'm too fucking lazy, and the kind of courses that cater to my type of laziness are expensive.  

The thing that works out in my favourite this time colour is that it's very obvious from the tone of voice that duty... is not convinced 🤣🤣🤣🤣.  

So thanks for the last time that you called me a fucking psycho, and I actually got a psychosis review. That was totally the best use of NHS resources when it's very clear that what I have this PTSD and I had a huge list of stresses that would make a worsening of those symptoms really obvious, but all we really decided to do is talk about psychosis and not about the fact that I've never had trauma care or that it's really stressful that my rape case is doxxed (actually, I have to give it off to my psychiatrist, I did say that a lot, but I think however the psychosis element concern have been worded to him, just didn't think that was the priority in that moment with the amount of time that he had, which is not an unfair clinical position to take by the way, because untreated psychosis is such a big thing, so you can't risk leaving that bit untreated).  

I don't know who was informing the information chain there, but....  

Whoever is informing the information now, regardless of if it's the same person or a different person, it clearly isn't having the same impact.  
Because in both cases I'm effectively getting punished for raising a concern through the appropriate governance apparatus, and then getting stressed out enough and pissed off enough that I don't sound very convincing anymore, because I'm getting mixed up in no nonsense I don't even need to, again because I'm really fucking stressed about it...  

And even if that punishment is just a factor of the system, don't you think we want to change the fact of the system the factor issues a response that essentially punishes concern-raising?  

Anyway, I just think it's really interesting that instead of actually taking any serious action to potentially prevent the very clear data security issue, or to assist in the protection of current serving military regardless of who they are, what we've done in both cases is run to load a woman reporting, with quite serious psychological complaints.  

If we were doing this in a sensible way what you would do, if you genuinely had a concern that she's just battered, is that you would run a parallel safeguarding complaint to my trust, as well as also escalating the cyber security concern.  

But as in both cases, no one is actually wanting to talk about the text of the email, I don't actually think the second bit is being done.  

So here it is. I receive this in December 2022, and I received it around the same time that a book significantly tanked by an author.  

I think we should look at the event that that time and date is pointing to, and the fact that I would've been on university of Nottingham Wi-Fi at that time.  

And yes, I was a medical student who was also doing underdeclared survival sex work.  

I was doing that survival sex work because I was cornered into the position that a lot of people, predominantly women and queer people, quarantined into on a regular basis.  

And rather than abandoned my service to you with the general public of the United Kingdom and your healthcare, I decided that I would put myself through something that was inherently re-traumatising to me, because that would get me through the last tiny bit of my degree.  

I was doing this whilst not having the equality act provisions in place dedicated towards a physical disability, so to be honest, to me, and I was also going through the right case at the same time to my father as a child, the fact that I was prepared to go through all of that fucking trauma, for the people of this country and their healthcare, whilst also serving in the Covid pandemic as a doctor's assistant, and therefore putting myself at risk of Death?  

Do you know what, call me a slag but I was prepared to die for you to live.

Arguably, that's a lot more than the guys who are sitting in power now.  

So here is what is apparently from someone, that I can guarantee this is not how that man would've written this even if it was 100% his intention.  

It wouldn't be how you write it in a pressure it would not be how you write it in distress. It would not be how he wrote it when he was drunk or High, this is just not that person.  

And I think, if you know that person, you can have a very fucking good life at the fact that this was supposed to be passable:  

> "Dear Mistress,
> Hope this email finds you in the best of health.
> I am a relative newbie 38 year old asian male looking to explore my kinks.
> I am after a session incorporating OK spanking, mild nipple play, Bondage and anal strapon play. Also whispering into the ear whilst blindfolded and running nails sensually on my body is a particular scenario l would like to explore if possible.
> Would also like to worship the mistress.
> I am into boob , thigh and pussy worship at mistress's discretion.
> New to this so will require instructions on how I am doing.
> I will not like to be marked and don't like anything going in my mouth. Also not a fan of needles or hard domination.
> I suffer from an ailment which is I am very excitable and prematurely ejaculate. Hope this won't be a hindrance in the session and mistress will choose to ignore this and carry on with the session.
> What are your tributes for 60 and 90 mins? and is such a session possible.
> What is your availability like for Wednesday Morning 7th December.
> Looking forward to hear from you.
> Kind regards,
> YoYO

if you ask me, that sounds a lot more like somebody stitching their colleague got who's gonna go and speak at something that day, and at the university of Nottingham, there is a policing encounter terrorism event that happens on that day at the other side of the time.  

So is everyone in government? I keep trying to reach out to is either taking it on board but doing it quietly, or actively trying to re-refer this to psych, there you go, it's nice essentially off my dashboard.  

I tried to do this really nicely, and I tried to do this by never pushing this online, because I just don't fucking think that it's that person.  

I know a lot of men have shit that goes on in their head that they don't say out loud; I have now done sex work, and I can say that that is not what I would expect, as someone who has been a professional whore, from someone who presents themselves like that in public. Therefore, regardless of how much effort has gone into it, I just don't think that this guy would name himself after an Indian rapper. (yes the email address name was particularly racist. 🤣🤣🤣 bc that's of course what people do. Especially when the dude is not Indian. bro is british pakistani; different country innit)  

but of course, a blonde hair blue eyed Jewish girl, she's never gonna defend a brown British Pakistani guy is she?  

Specially if she's ever been raped before.  

Can I ask that whoever is involved in fucking around behind the scenes about this, that you take your racist arse out of my fucking emails?  

thx.  

also, "ailment"?  

bro aint in his 70s, guys. do better.  
I mean, apparently we're willing to give this guy the kudos of subjecting himself to all of that and then being able to walk in and give a talk like nothing happened, when that isn't even apparently within his realm of normality? I mean you've ascribed a lot of courage there well done. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  

this is also why I'm always like, the impersonation always kind of semi fancies the guy? It's so weird.  

i'll be honest my head hurts, and a lot of my device capacity is a bit weird right now, so I haven't represented how it's actually structured when you see it on an email, but there's bits that look like they're copied and pasted into other bits, and the whole thing when you look at it just looks like the most obvious stitch up of somebody at work, but only if you're having like a little list of people you were gonna stitch up at work, and so you do one of these to several different people.  

And given it that's what it looks like, I just think it's very interesting that when I happen to see some of the people who are also having very strange algorithmic experiences now, and I recognise people who are working in that same industry at that time, I just think it's really interesting that that looks like it was something that was done to a cluster of people.  

but as we all know, one who getting murdered is never really a story, it's only when you lose like all of your horses in an area, than anybody pays any fucking attention.  

But what's really weird for me? Is that you guys don't really seem bothered when it's one of your own military that is being attempted to get stitched up. When you keep going on about China and Russia being a huge cyber security threatened the last six months, which is so happens to be since I first tried to raise this and got this psych flag rather than actually getting a response, I just don't think you're being really that serious about the cyber security threat if you don't think this would be a very obvious and easy, low effort and low tech way to do it.  

The fact that you don't protect men with shiny bits at this point is the big red flag.  

Unless you're happy for the American fascist to be taking over, and having their own little annexation of the UK. I don't know why you would want to do that if you weren't really into fucking kids, because apparently that is basically the only group of people that they protect.  

if it wasn't for the international paedophile but, I probably too would decide to go into the international child sex trafficking just some protection alone; it does really feel like if you're in the Epstein files and you're actually a perpetrator, you're the safest fucking person alive right now.  

before anybody comes at me about doing sex work when I've been re-traumatised, I just like to point out that that actually happened after I reported rape in this country, there was a lot of weird things that started happening in my life which meant that I was pushed into a corner where there was very little financial and economic means of being able to get out of that position. By the time that I'd actually access any criminal injuries payment, I already had a bigger shock clone to pay back that I've taken out for my education, so I was really in a position where I was very vulnerable to being economically exploited.  

And I still looked at this and just thought, that looks like a fucking cop who ain't even a cop.  

I won't stitch other people have to put a roof over my head, and I will die for the people in this country to protect them from something that could've killed them in 2020.  

If you then still really feel like you need to go down the root of saying that I'm Mental, and trying to fuck around in my health healthcare, or you feel like you really need to say that a massive fucking slag, be my fucking guest.  

None of that will make it any less embarrassing when I still do not want to suck your penis in particular, even with a huge financial incentives to do so.  

I mean, if you had to put it to me, I would say that whoever is responsible for this, really just likes being humiliated at scale in public.  

Unfortunately for me, that does not really narrow down the atmosphere candidates who would benefit from undermining a guy who worked encounter terrorism, he was probably one of the only people who said, hey I'm not sure that we should arrest everybody who says that Palestine should be free.  

And personally, if I was looking at the ICJ case now, I would not be pushing the Jewish woman with credibility, to go and say that hey I think there was a substantial effort in the UK counterterrorism space, prior to October 2023, in order to undermine voices who might have been being able to protect that terrorism legislation from being misused.  

Because that would make the intent portion start to look very easy to pass through the Court, and it would not just put Israel in an awkward position, would also put a lot of of the western world in a very fucking awkward position, and it would realistically add to the existing case, that the UK does have complicity, and therefore the UK taxpayer is going to end up paying out millions or billions in the future, when that court case is decided.  

So excuse me, if I think it's a bit fucking weird.  

as it is, because I decided to be a normal human and go and see the pro Palestine account, even when some other shit made me feel uncomfortable as a Jew, because yeah, I've been part of that propaganda cycle too, and when a country uses things like the pressure that the men in my religion praying, I do feel kind of weird when people say that Israelbis being shit, even when Israel is being shit. And because I went down and did that anyway, you didn't even need this email on my account. You just had to say I was a raging antisemite and then Block my testimony from ever being seeing the light of day after that court case, whether there's a number of things that aren't added into the Court record clearly because they would be awkward to explain to the Court, on the university's part.  

I don't exactly understand who the chancellor level of the university is dealing with, but you all decided to obey in advance for whatever reason. I'm not even that mad at the person who I'm having to speak to you about trying to get my (full of weird deletions, and full of weird alterations) records from compliance, because to me this looks like a senior governance level by somebody's making a really bizarre decision.  

I just certainly understand why you would obey in advance.  

Personally, I think that is just so incompatible with the Hippocratic oath, and the ability of doctors to follow international humanitarian law, and be able to speak against power if power targets our patients and the people whose care is in our hands, then I'm not even sure how you can expect to award a medical degree if you're also saying that you will get rid of any student who says genocide is bad.  

Again, because my head is very sore, and I'm not really sure if it's a migraine or just a very bad tension headache, I know I'm not explaining this in the best way possible.  

I just think we're all stressing a lot about this fucking email when somebody could just look at the situation and say okay, was there a security risk here?  

Right now at the moment, there is a lot more effort being put into trying to assess Me for different medical conditions, then just taking a course of concern and excluding a potential security problem. I think it's really weird that in six months you can essentially take a cybersecurity can down the road, if what you're saying you care about is China stealing data or being in academic data, especially in exactly the same academic network that this ticket is about.  

It starts to look less like incompetence, and it starts to look more like deliberately not addressing a problem that would be inconvenient to address.  

So I would like to ask the different people who are obviously reading this, and who have some saying how I requests get answered around the Midlands, but also at a senior level of government:  

Do you know exactly what the unit is doing, and are you happy to keep supporting it? Or, do you not know, and do you need to have a chat about winding their necks in?  

potential foreign interference in UK counterterrorism policy, was just something that I thought that a number of you conservative nationalistic types would be more bothered about.  

---

I don't always talk about these bits because I do actually want to be taken seriously when I'm trying to raise governance emails, but I no longer understand how to make you as an audience understand how serious this is.  

I'm genuinely sorry to anyone who's gonna get unfair kick back from sharing that email.  

I'm not living in a little delusional bubble by insisting that that isn't this person; if you wanna send him along for what someone's described apparently in that email, be my guest.  

I just really don't think that that is that guy.  

And believe me, I have listened to a lot of men talk a lot of shit when they thought they were totally anonymous, about what goes on in their head when they are excited; I am coming from the experience of having seen this many times.  

I do not believe that that email belongs to that person.  

but again: if you would like to send the hostage for his "punishment", by all means please do.  

you could also: just address the fucking cybersecurity concerns that I've already fucking raised to you.  

if you work in UK counterterrorism?  

This is currently an active risk to you.  

So if you don't want another party, to be able to do this and send it to your wife?  

I think you should be addressing the cybersecurity risks that I am raising to you.  

Because this is way easier to achieve, if you have a surveillance contracting in this country, then you would probably be comfortable understanding.  

if your silence to this point, is purely based on the fact that you think that somebody holds compromising material of you, I've just given you the evidence that it's bollocks and being misused.  

I will be judging the responses from the security policy and the counterterrorism crowd accordingly.  

incidentally, this is also pretty round proof that someone can be miss using the OSA flag on your information in this country, leaking active historical rape investigation into your childhood abuse, and you can be as far badly affected as to go into survival sex work, and the state will fucking let it happen.  

and then you will be told to be grateful for anything you get.  

including the little cloud of online paedophiles that keeps following you around and making AI porn of you being fucked as a kid.  

In particular to the last point: the state will absolutely refuse to investigate this at every possibility, even when you provide evidence, but say that you won't provide the actual child pornography because that would itself be a crime to give, in the circumstances that you are giving evidence.  

There is literally no protection, for what is a very obvious cybersecurity issue, impacting every single rape survivor in this country.  

Rape will no longer be prosecuted in this country until this problem is fixed, but the MOJ refuses to investigate it.  

And this is for the most protected of all assets in regard to rape, the precious little Jewish woman who cannot defend herself (yoyo.), or am I supposed to believe that by murdering all of those men in Gaza, you removed any possible way in which I can ever be sexually assaulted ever again?  

Please just stop talking out of your fucking arses for once and do your fucking jobs and address the fucking cyber security problem, I couldn't get the fuck who you think it is, I couldn't give a shit who you want to be racist to today: defend the fucking country, or stop making me pay tax for your shitty little "counterterrorism" hobby.  

and because I've gone through all of the above, any organisation that says it's defending Israel's interests, that leans on Jewish women to exploit for a story about rape in order to demonise brown men who are not Jewish? Every single one of those organisations can suck my dick.  

All of those organisations have made life far more dangerous to me, and put me in a position of experiencing formal racism in the last three years than I ever have in my fucking life.  

All of this? All of this is why I get really pissed off when white people you ain't Jews, have so much to say about them being "a proud Zionist" and therefore being an ally to us.  

Your proud designers is getting in the way of my fucking rights as a woman, as a Jew, and as a British citizen, so kindly: get the fuck out of my way.  

I'm not telling you can't have your freedom of speech, I'm telling you to get out of my way; stop getting in the middle of me accessing what a normal rights under the ECHR.  

If anyone wants to know why I don't bother reporting any of this to the police, I had people harassed me at my address and right slows on my walls, and I was basically asked to try and justify why people would be doing that to me; there is literally no point in me talking to any police in this country, because they are not here to defend you, they're here to defend a very small cluster of businessmen's interests, to the extent that none of you actually listening to what Israeli people are asking for on the ground. So you don't even give a fuck about Israelis.  

Stop supporting the apartheid, it's only there for a deregulated market; the only people this is protecting our banks, and you using my identity as a due to protect banks, no offense, it's a little fucking antisemitic.  

---

All of this is background information, and background context, which may help people understand why I am so critical of not just Peter Mandelson himself, but of the entire network within this country that he is likely still associating with.  

A lot of them have a profound hatred for women that they dress up as concern.  

A lot of of them have a profound paternalism towards anyone who isn't white, and this includes Jews, regardless of political opinion.  

A lot of them have engaged in conversations which on our public where you can see that there is a substantial difference between what they are saying is their honest opinion in public, with what they are saying are contemporaneous written records.  

Their story is a lot less consistent, and a lot harder to believe, than anything I have said.  

The only reason you are defending them is because they are men in suits in office; if they lacked even a single one of those three factors tomorrow, you would treat with exactly the same disrespect you treat me.  

And I am somebody who carries a lot of social privilege, so if you think that what I am experiencing as bad, please understand that there are an awful lot of people who are around this situation who are being treated absolutely fucking disgustingly.  

---

[The fact that anyone gives either of these two blonde idiots more respect, for instance, given that between the two of them they've sunk how many billions of other people's money? That's hilarious.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf746N8/)  

---

Also, I just want to know how coincidental it seems to be, then whenever I lose dictation or my keyboard goes particularly weird, does seem to overlap strongly with when I'm pointing out what a really obvious issues that black people have raised for a long time.  

I just think that's a really weird coincidence. Really. Weird.  

Although I guess as we've discussed, I am just a girl and I don't understand IT so you know. Nothing to see here.  

---

At least now whoever was on Royal correspondence emailed duty, can see why I chose a gospel according to Saint Matthew, chapter 25, verse 40.  

I do fucking think when I write letters, ya kna.  

I don't think the fascists in the mix have really understood the point of that one, though.  

at this point, I don't understand where they are in the chain of servers, but it is what it is.  

---

[Told you all: Larry the cat is boss.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf7SX1w/)  

(the jokes, if the political analyst have actually taken the advice that was given them a few days ago, they're probably genuinely wondering how sex work could possibly possibly be correct, about how to look for indications of what people are actually saying behind what they are saying and behind their physical actions; fuck, it's almost like it's fucking skilled labour. 🙄)  

(I am aware that there is something far more interesting that one can do, in terms of algorithmic analysis, and I am very interested to see how it goes. I would just hate to give the fascist any ideas, because it would be nice to have as "real" a set of  results, as possible).  

It has already given a lot of information about the network of something, and how it's working to impact UK political messaging and interrupt the UK system itself; fascinating, no?  

And even if someone moves now because they read this, we already know 🤣 add to the data if you wish.  


---

[Cf Sonata.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf79qm2/)  

---

[This is why the modern labour party I really just acting as a test run to someone else, even though they think they're the ones who have got the power. They are not able to control the people that working with, for, "reputation management".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf7f8e2/)  

At this point, surely it's just cheaper to be better? And not need reputation management?  

[if you are a feminist, you need to be able to watch this clip and also see how anything towards gay people and trans people is inherently based in misogyny, and how you need to always act against all of it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf7xSEQ/)  

If you're just here to be paid the same as a white man, and I'm really sorry to say that that's not feminism.  

That's just wanting better negotiation terms.  

feminism is just about achieving an understanding, and you getting paid the same as a white guy for the same work, is not necessarily an equal standing. It's just improving wages. It's not even about hours and conditions.  

The Labour Party needs to have a serious conversation internally about what the fuck feminism means to the Labour Party, and quite honestly probably need to get rid of the good 90% of the men, possibly with about 60% of the women, because they've only allowed women to progress when those women will not question the extreme misogyny of the Labour Party.  
I would also sector address it, not just because of the post Mandelson scandal, but also because it allows you to be very easily captured by authoritarian forces, and that does seem to be impacting your voter turnout.  

You need to look at Gaza as incredibly important as changing the trajectory of voting, but you also need to understand that that was not an issue in isolation. That was just the point which a huge part of your base, felt so systematically ignored by your leadership, that they said "fuck it", and it wasn't just because they were all young or all Muslims or anything else. It was because they were fundamentally fucking tired of the party's systematic culture of breaking people, rather than working with people.  

yes, that was the culture of Mendelson, but there is no way you can say that one man was responsible for every single bit of it.  

for free, I love the reform voters will not be one back into the labour party, for similar emotional reasons.  
Whilst coming from a different sentiment, those votes just fundamentally do not feel that labour can deliver for the working class.  

And before you all have a very complicated conversation about class (fuck me, let's not):  

I just mean, people who have to work to make them money.  

If you are not in the 1%, you are a worker. Welcome to the proletariat.  

Yes, I know some of your middle class, I don't give a fuck; this is not about your feelings, it is about how people empower look at you and used the one asset that they technically cannot buy from you, which is your vote.  

we are all the same level of dross, at that point of wealth and power.  

i know thats dehumanising to you: this is what we are dealing with.  

this is who wants to take away your nhs.  

xx.  

(sidenote note: that LBC clips are really good example of things that I really like to see from that channel, that they seem to do pretty exclusively in the British space, it's just that we saw a huge decline of that in the last few years. This is good improvement this is getting back to what you were really good at.).  

---

[The current song on loop, of an anti-fascist disposition to piss off the fascists, is the best country in the world by Grace Petrie. I am open to recommendations. This song in this artist have targeted algorithmically by fascist assets. Let's take our British culture back from these idiots.](https://open.spotify.com/track/4mjoLoLJceFXrR37h0iuiC?si=n-za4vhtTgSdXIQN6pge9w)  

(and when you look at the lyrics, oh my goodness, how much are they telling them themselves by trying to derank it 🤣🤣🤣🤣)  

---
---

also calling in a psych report on a woman because on a small little obscure political blog, she says that it sounds a lot like Steve Bannon, and jokes about the fact that it should be titled Breitbart Britain, rather than issuing a legal cease and assist because my detail details are very clear for everyone to be able to see and you absolutely can do that, is telling on yourself so fucking loudly bro.  

If you think I'm wrong, legally challenge me in a civil court.  

The only problem here is that you'll have to defend how it definitely belongs to who you say it belongs to, and it isn't just LLM slop.  

Come out, Me and fuck me up if you think you're hard enough xx.  

in a civil court.  

Take me to Court, in front of the civil courts in this country, and challenge me.  

Instead of what arguably is the very normal thing to do, which is to issue a pre-action letter or a cease and desisst, I appeared to have had somebody call up my personal mental health trust, and report that I have concerning symptoms.  

Even if I was completely wrong and unwell, the fact that you do it this way, admits that you have my personal healthcare details.  

That is privileged confidential information. There are several mental health trust in Nottingham, and I sit on a boundary area for three, so the fact that you can pinpoint it to one place, means that you have to know exactly which one I use.  

If there's no paper trail to show that that referral is carried through different places, you need to justify why you understand exactly which centre I use, because it doesn't actually make a lot of sense based on geography of the City.  

The police records which are being denied also have a lot to do with the timeline of the email that I've received it reports to be the actual author of this book, and so I'm not surprised they're being withheld, but the fact that they're being withheld from every police force that feeds into the same counterterrorism area he works in, I think it's pretty notable.  

This is not just impacting me as an individual. So I just feel at this point that this is such an obvious security issue, even if it's just one person's little bad mood.  

I am just astounded, absolutely astounded, that we can have counterterrorism genuinely pointing to the threats of Russia and China, when they can't even look after their own house.  

Again, what is the point of a surveillance state, if you can't even protect each other in your own little club?  

I didn't actually get any action in the summer after reporting it to cabinet, where I got the action from was issuing to a lawyer that I knew that I probably "knew in common" with the man that this email appears to seek to undermine, and issued a statement of truth saying that he's never sexually harassed me. 

That's when I had such a change in the degree of physical presence at my address, but there has continued to be a running list of numberplates which are all very close together, which have appeared at my address, and for which would do paperwork at a car, which is a car model capable of having a linux computer on board (an OS that I have evidence I've already provided, of devices being connected to my own private networks, whilst I was being married, and also harassed, in part with digital content).  

Labour Together have already got a history of targeting journalists. Why wouldn't they go after whistleblowers?  

And given what Peter Mandelson is known to have aligned himself with, and which we all had awareness of, I think it is deeply interesting that this is the manner in which I have been dealt with.  

I am only glad, that because you sought to undermine someone with more legal power than I had, that perhaps they were able to do something about it, even if that only projected themselves initially, it did blow back as a bit more protection for me.  
And that's why we started Polaris.  

kind of.  

I was also experiencing a very weird LMHT inject, and I've spoken to that separately, and I provided all of the evidence for people with far more experience and formal knowledge to look at, again: I am exceptionally curious why we are all talking about China and Russia, when we cannot even deal with our own bullshit in house.  

The Breitbart Britain book did complain extensively about Russia and China. It was very upset that the Prime Minister went to China. It also got huge amounts of international geopolitical network and completely wrong, but it was very concerned about those things. Why was it not also as concerned about the actual UK domestic security issue, which would've impacted a speaker at that event on that date?  

Isn't it really weird if that's literally the same person?  

Surely if somebody had tried to fuck your life up this much, and you'd literally just had to deal with the legal fallout, you would probably remember that impossibly included in the book you write?  

I don't know, man.  

I can't fucking wait to have this conversation with psychiatry; that man is clearly so exhausted when he speaks to me 🤣 I really feel like policy people do not understand the level of burnout that exists in healthcare staffing, probably because that would require you to understand what it's like to fucking work a day in your lives.  

#NoAllPolicyWonks ?  

bisous x.

---

[This your crush, babes? Can you leave my feed alone? I just walked into this on the app. I was expecting goats. Or mountains or cats or doggos. Nope. Just a bit of a weird thirst strip of Angela Merkel, to the tune of primadonna girl by Marina and The Diamonds.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf7qktn/)  

I think you guys need a holiday in Whitehall. I think we need to start doing offsite training days. get you to touch some grass or some shit.  

[I also just think there are enough people who get satisfaction out of making themselves angry; chocolate is chocolate, why the fuck do you care?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf7Ucnq/) I am aware that it is AI, I am aware that it makes absolutely no sense at all as a concept, but why are you even pissed off even if it exists?  

Who gives a fuck?  

---

