The last 24 hours have been very weird, and my algorithmic placement irregularities has been correlating to several completely different messenger conversations, including different encrypted services.  

There are two defence companies I am specifically concerned about, in their responses, including silence.  
I am concerned in part because they both have the capabilites between them, but also one can cover access to my military-flag data if we all imagine I'm British-Israeli (no offence; I'm just only British so 🤷‍♀️), and one has coverage of every government system *and non-governmental database* which I appear to have had harms within.  
Palatir and Elbit Systems, are sitting at my R&D nexus re [20260214](./20260214.md), and I know which is likely to be at which university.  

Glad to be doing Adoni's work, and being karma for poor data security.  

You can all stop wobbling the centroid, too; I am not a genius, I am not special, and you can stop kniving each other in the back: your systems leak, and your stock is therefore, arguably, overpriced for what it actually is.  
The system keeps hurting anyone who has more than one "identifier" box; something about your source code is not working, and it's impacting several government services *for everyone*.  
Your system cannot accomodate all of the "unspoken" pieces of what made British beaurocracy kinder. Your model is therefore incomplete, in relation to the UK specifically, and it simply cannot work on it's own base code and training data alone. It is build to "resolve" people as though they were digits, and not people; this does not appear to be adequetely guardrailed for. This is your code, this is your product, and it is your problem to resolve.  

I also need to see the board of directors last a week in a bivvy bag.  

For... reasons.  

---

Has anyone asked Reform if it's BTC or ETH, or are they something weirder like DOGE?  

---

Algorithm just spat out *O Fortuna*. Jokes.  

Just wait til I start pointing out related items of interest to the British public, in the public forum.  

I'm literally just asking you to fix my data; this could've been an email.  

---

Since posting this, I am being placed *very* differently algorithmically, and it's not perfect but it's far kinder, neuroscientifically speaking.  

---

[The lads are back to panicking. Oy vey.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPAQ4cj/)  

Also a lot of random bits of Filton 24 coverage, despite often "out" of that info pipeline atm.  

And Andrew coverage, because obviously.  

I think we should start banning old rich white dudes from playing golf together, personally.  

---

[Just so you know, in the centroid I am in, I am not the one who brings this onto the FYP, yet here it is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPArrcn/)  

Make of that what you will.  
<!--Am I possibly now watching it on a loop for all the CSEM and animal torture porn I've had put in front of me online? Maybe. I also just listened to a lot of Muse as a teenager, so it zones me out because it's how I often dealt with dissociation, but not in a particularly unpleasent way. Apparantly listening to this on headphones happens to overlap with my neighbour getting up; shrug.-->
Can you see how simple it would be, to attract outside influence onto your citizen's viewership, with intent to create physical extreme violence, within your territories, yet? Don't you think this needs regulation and oversight?  

(I am *so tired* already; please can we resolve this *sans la révolution*? I really have "answer the email" energy more than, "for liberty, equality, famility" energy.)

---

so we finish to confirm that there does appear to be a mismatch between what the CPS has and what I have in terms of correspondence; this is relevant because of the material I see online, which derives from some sort of data breach regarding the 2022 case.  

Has anyone decided on an escalation plan, including but not limited to contacting the ICO?  

🫠🫠🫠🫠🫠

If I'm being really generous, I think what's really happening here is that this is not a problem which has come up before, and it is novel.  

It's almost as if for some reason my racial identity in Britain would be part of some sort of information war. 🤣🤣🤣  

I'm laughing, but I can literally see all of the evidence of the child porn made through AI attached to my name, and then just the other stuff that's been watched by the same people.  

This is exhaustion point, here.  

There are several dependencies here, which means it has to be resolved as a process ASAP. I've been trying to resolve this for 2.5 years now.  

I never want anyone to have to go through this; frankly, I'm very surprised that this has not been planned for by people who working in policy and victim's rights, especially whether there is overlap between digital and technology.  

I don't want to jump to conclusions, because you don't know what people's portfolio and workload was like, but this is very disappointing that this was not planned for, given how much AI has been introduced into government systems.  

---

"Officers arrested the King's brother on his 66th birthday."  

I am playing the world's tiniest little violin.  

---

1532 stall
1534 503 error
1550 short stalls

---

I've had a big, "post-nightshift" style sleep; there was something calming today.  

I'm not naïve about one of the financial networks, which was using my data, and what their interests were; as I wait for legal release on large chuncks of my own data from "tird party corresponse" (read: their lawyers), I occaisionally go and hunt a little further into how this particular collection of yahoos view knowledge and academics. (I also just have a large network power map, now, of the last 10 years of AI, anti-DEI rhetoric [from boys crying about paedophiles being unwelcome in STEM], and covert funding to suit the tastes of rich sex offenders. Not what I really wanted, but here we are. Their whining about women having the gall to not be in love with them simply for being present, is very funny to me.)  

What is really fascinating, is how linear a lot of these people were thinking, despite being very well-connected, and still at such an elite net level, the Great Man praxis was just very pervasive. They clearly thought they were all very smart, and each other was smart, but quite often it's actually quite difficult to get through all of the male surnames that they reference, to actually see the discussion of any of the science. This is beyond the point at which it's just helpful to say whose theory it was, it's also a bit of a self-indulgence.  

It does explain why a lot of the research around artificial intelligence is lacking, and why it is so limited by, put quite simply, a very fragile sort of male-coded mind, that women are so apt to meet in STEM.  

It is incredibly funny to me that these men are essentially complaining about the fact that they are not welcoming invited after the Me Too movement starts; there is very little intellectual consideration for the impact of harm, which is particularly interesting when you look at how much they are looking to science to advance systems of harm. Even if you were a pure sadist in the entirely theoretical sense (people are not binary boxes), is screams to not feeling the need to understand consequences, or understand a whole subject. Thus, one can see that there is no love or passion for the science or the technology. There is excitement about the control that it may give over other others. It's such a shame to see so many people who struggle to get even anywhere close to the academy, who display a far greater fire for knowledge.  

It is clear that it's not purely in economic interest, and yes there's this control interest, but I also feel that these men are very influenced by the sci-fi that they grew up with, and this is what they think futurism is; they have an idea of futurism inherently limited by their inability to tolerate anyone else's discomfort with the entirety of their actions, no matter how much harm those actions may have caused. They frequently seek, instead of understanding anyone further, to further intellectualise their "need" to harm. To put a plainly, a group of man who had huge impact on the same investment for the last decade or two, were inherently intellectually constricted by their own sense of ego self-preservation, that they appear to have gone out out of their way, not onl to advance what they are personally interested in, but also to suppress anything that they felt was "too woke", simply because they can't handle not being smiled at by a woman as she passes in the street.  

There are several examples of Epstein trying to fund conferences covertly, and trying not to be discovered by organisers, and (rightly or wrongly) there are people in his network who are trying to help him overcome that. One might point that refusing would be akin to trying to block philanthropy – generally I feel that if you want to *give* money, you don't mind doing it through an anonymous foundation, and having a board distribute your funds; the man appears to have needed to exert control over *everything*. There are emails which are literally granular rundowns of grant budgeting, in relation to human experiments which impact in neurology. Although it is in the minority, some people really do just get off on having control over others, and my goodness is this a whole catalogue of circumstantial evidence for that. I am clearly someone who does not access all of her emotions about the matter, at the same time that I access the intellectual side of this, so please do excuse me for seeming quite cold about the whole thing; I am not inherently interested in integrating my trauma at this particular moment in time. To this note, the outside impact that this man had on the funding of trauma sciences is really rather disgusting, simply because he was not scientific at all; any of the actual progress that could've been made in trauma studies was often blocked by this man in his associates, as funds would be re-diverted, because they fundamentally can't think through a problem unless it's presented in a overly simplistic string, and they absolutely cannot tolerate a networked mind. They cannot bear a three dimensional idea, they must only see it in one dimension: if it can't be made into a flow chart, they are not interested, and they call it ridiculous simply because they personally cannot understand it immediately. There is no patience for integration and there is no patience for transformational learning, everything has to be immediate. Everything has to be now, otherwise they dismiss it as irrelevant and stupid and too much and too woke.  

It is a damning indictment of how the academy is funded on a conceptual level, that such simple-minded men control so much of our technological funding, and therefore exerted a disproportionate amount of influence and power on our science technology and engineering outputs.  

If you are scared of China, and think they are going to take us over technologically? Southeast Asian universities are taking us over technologically because they are actually tolerating having multidisciplinary conversations, and they are not siphoning funds simply to suit male insecurity. Will there be some male insecurity involved? Of course there will be; we all still live in a patriarchy. however, they do appear to want to be the best and want to win a little harder than the Western-coded men, in respect of being able to give up some of that pursuit of vanity, in order to pursue knowledge. Whilst I'm not saying that they are absolutely perfect in every way, they do appear to be able to let go of the male ego long enough, that someone actually manages to do some science.  

The exchanges on naval-gazing to the end degree and it is both incredibly funny, and incredibly sad, that this is who is had such outsized impact on the sciences for so long.  

These are not Russian assets by intent, these mem are Russian assets because they are so useless and weak and unable to tolerate anyone else having better ideas than them, especially if they do not smile to their faces, and say "thank you, sir".  

G-d forbid you wear trousers, or don't wear lipstick, or, even worse: *don't fuck men*.  

In other news, I would like people to start disclosing either where my data is, or disclosing the funding; I am a smart girl and I will find out either way.  

This does make some of the more bizarre types of legal blockade I've seen make a lot more sense now.  

This does give a very strong indication as to why the whistleblower is a whistleblower; there are literally men in these emails complaining that other men are "humanist types".  

If the only reason that we went down the road of nudging Polaris, is because you got your little selves in a little bit of a tizz because I was starting different work in futurism, and you personally needed to think more than two seconds to understand it, at least honour me with honesty.  

I am quite done with being a digital pet.  

---
