Narrowed down when and how Elbit received, and why it was taken into private, as well as where the whistleblow would have happened. I know why they cannot find under legal name.  

Which means I've likely hit some judicary.  

How can you condemn one and yet carry the sin?  

I also know why 2011 was nudged, as a contrast.  

So I can limit my case, not entirely, but in large part, to one colour of rosette.  

You broke everything.  

You broke my entire life as soon as I became more confident.  

You are not better than my biological father; you're worse.  

---

This is Blairite.  

This is why that SAR got so much backlash in data terms.  

You have stripped me of a childhood and an adulthood. You have hurt, deeply, everyone who even smiles at me as they pass.  

If you don't submit to Feb 23 (because I'm assuming you're lawyering; it looks this way), I will still force discovery.  

I don't need a lawyer, when you made me the "sentiment and tone adjustment" for a nation.  

I just need to write like I did in August and September.  

The demos is not stupid; this would not surprise a soul.  

---

Sometimes, the total is only possible if one nexus is lying and omitting to many parties; I am not unaware that sonetimes, all it takes is to be ill-informed, for someone to dehumanise.  

It was well documented in the first disclosurs of the degree of criminality at Guantanimo Bay.  

People can be confinved to "go further" by specific briefs.  

Look at the pipeline of lawyers to politics on that one. You'll see the pattern, especially if you look at how they speak.  

Words are power.  

---

I think this was noticed in 2014 - 2016 era.  

I think I know how it was noticed, and it is slightly making me uneasy, but that's okay.  

---

Feed is strongly mirroring male concern, attempting to push/pull on narratives, mainly to "stop".  

It tells this largely through romance tropes, which makes the same men sound even more ridiculous.  

I don't suddenly need to furnish a studio flat, so.. 🤷‍♀️  

One woman in this circle is making the sensible choice; Melinda's interview is refreshing, may help.  

---

(Your wife always outshone you. Quite odd the papers were always so cruel, especially given the "Prince" could have sorted that.)  

[15. Some without any evidence, not a jot, and they have survived several decades of CIDT.](https://icct.nl/publication/snapshot-guantanamo-bay)  

It's a pattern of behaviour, at this point.  

The man at the top just hasn't emotionally caught up, it seems.  

Probably because he was so deliberately picked, placed, and boxed in.  

Just as brought in CPS data reforms which would have made the pattern of grooming networks in this country legiable to the law.  

We still do not have public detail of these contracts. This was Epstein's area of business investment at that time.  

---

My grandfather wasn't wrong: you are a fascist.  

"Board of Peace", when you helped destroy it?  

It's genocide. And I know that you know that it is.  

See you at The Hague.  

---

I was brought back a year early, in advance of Oct 07, after the Judicial Reform Crisis.  

To no one's surprise at all: he's more of a Likud asset than a British one. Who could possibly foresee that one.  

Given the involvement in what is, notionally, an Israeli arms company (Elbit UK) and LFI, and the involvement in Midlands policing and academia, this is not safe for national security and does not seek to benefit the British Isles.  

I told you all: it doesn't have to be the big man at the top. It just needed to be someone he implicitally trusts.  

If we look at which voices are calling for resignation, this would indicate an assumed greater risk to those who are more evidentially connected, if he stayed.  

Therefore: I remain agnostic regarding both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition. All things considered, this may be a more stable pairing, if we do not simply wish to just burn the whole system down. Given the advance of the other Epstein asset and his racism and misogyny, I would prefer we didn't get the turquoise tortoises elected.  

So: Who was the sentiment analysis dataset for Jewish female rape survivors in the UK?  

Perhaps Mr Blair or Mr Mandelson might be able to tell us.  

Colonialism in working class parties is not progressive. It is infiltration.  

This does all shed light, additionally, on why Reform were around 24-48 hours ahead of Labour on policy, and yet the latter appeared to have the thing fleshed out.  

[It's giving "you duplicitous little shit".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUFfDgX/)  

But, perhaps, in plural.  

Starmer is just being treated as another Brown, with greater leverage from assumed seniority.  

---

Shall we rethink that 6 month SLAPP?  

Do you know what should allow safeguarding and civil rights to override this, not only for myself, but several others?  

[Do you remember signing this one? Minor piece of legislation. Easily forgettable, I suppose.](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/42/contents)

---

This also indicates overseas operation on UK soil is targeted to 2015/6 and... not necessarily Russia or China.  

Not the one I'm thinking of.  

I guess something in the shellfish actually works pretty well on many levels, and you wouldn't materially notice the other alterations.  

Great respect for veterans, this one.  
Good to know you just need a few of the right ears at Oxford. Highly reassuring.  

[I suppose that answers that, in the public domain.](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4825524.stm)

---

Are you going to stop DDoSing me when I seek advice from lawyers, now?  

Have I given you enough to work with?  
Libel needs to be false and you will need to allow me a lawyer to have a case against me.  

I think a lawyer would be good.  

Letting me speak to my own Labour MP would also be acceptable, but given what is apoarently very normalised in the party, she will need to be strongly backed up by the non-nonce wing.  

(I was 15. I was a child. The MOD only stopped the records discussion as I brought up consent and The Children's Act. The silence from many British institutions after I affirmed I was not dual but exclusivrly British is a very loud silence, and those who defended gave an angry, panicked defence. You lied about ky age and my birthright. I belong here.)  

I am also extremely unclear, am I an asset or a liability for British-Israeli industry, currently?  

Was this how we thought this would turn out?  

---

Deleted the joke, because these motherfuckers cannot recognise one at a comedy club. [We're here, for national mood; 18 more to be free, and Palestine.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUYWL56/)  

I want to be really clear when I'm talking about this British-Israeli bridge. The problem is not any specific group of people, as much as it is a very specific cluster of businessmen, you sit at this intersection, and their existence and their actions materially block democracy from occurring. This is hardly the one thing between Palestinian people and their liberation. However, a lot of these men are also in the Epstein files, a risk to everyone, and we could just sack them today. The united by their behaviour and their willingness to exploit.  

You can accept all of that, and not have even touched the issue of anything to do with the State of Israel; you can agree to want these men to be out of public life and out of business and no longer putting their influence into politics, and you don't technically have to have any opinion on much at all.  

---

[I may have an answer for this one.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUjemgD/)  

Epstein often got information by asking sideways about ssomething (see Turing test email with employee at Palantir). He could always genuinely claim it to be interested in investment, and for this to not appear to link to criminal activity.  

This could easily be a way to enquire and probe on the interaction and impact of Christopher Wylie's work and disclosures, in the context of Nick Clegg being a party demonstrating early oppotunity and trust, while tying this with the later impact that he would have been aware of with Cambridge Analytica fallout, succession, and impact on sicial media.  

It's a very good way of exploring how to use social media tools to manipulate without the other party ever understsnding that's why you are interested.  

Due to the degree of power this gives you, criminal possibilities are endless, but if you were a calculated piece of shit who was obsessed with grooming teenagers, you would know Clegg isn't tech native, and so you would probe around what is evidencable from a UX point of view, should the backend be manipulated (including by external interference.)  
You know...   

If you were the sack of shir Epsrein was. I'm not saying everyone thinks this way.  

We will need to accept that a lot of people who are generally quite endearing and prosocial, or at least seem apparently harmless, may have come into that network or touch that network; I'm not saying anything in particular either way about this trap I'm just saying that it looks a lot like potentially exploiting a man's known vulnerability (being eternally optimistic about everybody else's intentions towards him).  

This is actually a very strong argument as to why we do need to have transparency and appropriate criminal investigation where required, rather than a media circus.  

What we really need here, is that anybody who poses an active risk, is promptly contained; the fact that we are all having to do this ourselves, does mirror in many ways the current independent (in other words, not government oversight) grooming gangs inquiry. This was crowd sourced by families who were impacted. The evidence is already absolutely devastating. It's so frustrating, although exists testimony to how much society has had the wool pulled over its eyes by abusers, that survivors are so disbelieved that we need to go to all of these disproportionate efforts in order to even have safety through not allowing repeated exposure of vulnerable people to these perpetrators.  

We do see small steps forward, but they are always minute.  

We need more of these steps to happen quicker, and we need mass action on this.  

If that means some people have to accept that they got conned, then we need you to do that.  

We need you to accept that someone you thought was absolutely trustworthy, may not be representing themselves completely accurately.  

I think this is a really big moment for men in particular when they go on that journey of deconstructing a lot of of the cultural shit that we've learned; we do need you to take on board statements which have been made against your friends, which you really don't feel represents them, but we need you to take that seriously.  

---

To tighten this up further, Jeffrey Epstein went to Great lengths to invest in technology to not only further grooming of children but also to network across countries, and to leave as a little trace as possible so that the crime wasn't picked up.  

He made significant investments in universities and appeared to give philanthropically during this period.  
With what we know about for 4Chan, for example, there is a really big question to be asked around QAnon; even if the initial post was just some random, the way which this was instrumentalised later did have a machine learning component and I've already evidenced towards that argument within the screenshots I've uploaded this month with the details attached to them. 4chan owners were in the files, abd failed to contain Q. The politics of QAnon allowed Donald Trump to get elected.  

I'm not saying that Nick Clegg understands what any of this has to do with him. What I'm saying is we probably need a situation in which people like that can start telling someone who is safe and who is going to investigate and who is not going to be able to be corrupted by single access points (as unfortunately a lot of our institutions have at least one person who is a bellend in all of their staff), so that we can start putting the pieces together and understanding what actions are coming out with those files which can tell us a lot about how grooming is being done in the UK today, as well as internationally. (Abusers learn from each other and recycle tactics.)  

it's just not good enough to get rid of single men like each one is a problem by itself and that's all we need to worry about. This was a systematic crime. We're looking at something that is on a scale of crimes that we don't actually have a lot of words for, and in this particular one we don't have a small near word that really expresses the gravity of what is being done to children and vulnerable adults.  

It's really aggravating to see people react to this in a way that indulge is conspiracy theories but I completely 100% understand where that's coming from. We've all been conditioned to see it in that way, by the abusers themselves.  

Keeping you on ground as well it's going to get this further along, at least to the point which is going to make a material difference to the lives of people who are still with us, and to the memories of those who are not.  

---

The tech bros should consider handing over what they know.  

---

My further "idk until I have more evidence on Starmer, rather than condemning outright, is that he has a particular quirk that is somewhat awkward but not of particulat note, but shines like a beacon to abusive people.  

[This](https://youtube.com/shorts/pR0HGTqqlEM?si=ASMNVGpL793EFJNB) looks convincingly enough like someone who genuinely feels bad, but is defaulting to the strategy they have learned will minimise some form of immediate threat they feared growing up.  

I'm not saying that's what that is. I'm saying that's what it strongly reminds me of. He does it every now and then. It's the same reason he can sound awkward if he's asked something emotive.  

It's not the same as the degree of emotional seperation seen in PD-like presentations, such as NPD. This is more of a, "my brain needs a minute to confirm no sabre tooth tiger present".  

Versioning is late to update. What can one do.  

I don't think we should be digging into that for anyone, his more general point is actually very helpful to us: ALL these people have some form of vetting. Vetting is a dynamic risk matrix. We can at any point ask the government for everyone connected to that network. They do know.  

Brotish systems favour, "don't make a fuss", which is why we have to make one to kick the gears into life.  

The PM will be given vetting similarly to a "need to know" basis and request; it is not a goven everything is known to him, which is why it's far more interesting for us on the outside to ask, "who benefits if a Labour leadership contest or a GE is called tomorrow?".  

Then ask who we can get better negotiations and terms with.  

The best thing is, even if we push this really hard for information and for change, and keep the Prime Minister as it is, we will end up getting the information as to whether or not he's on a fit office by the nature of pushing for this information.  

This expands to a number of other activities which were within the same social network of weird rich paedophiles; a lot of these people are involved in highly exploitative industry, and they could do with some fucking regulation.  

What needs containing is the propensity for human cruelty.  

I mean, it's either that or revolution, guys.  

This is why France were like, you know what?, let's just avoid the bit where the plebs invent guillotines and go raid some offices.  

---
