well theres a weird data pattern over time that im trying to pin down, abd to seek to exclude parties, one of our represebtatives has soarse travel in public donain, appears post-scrub.  

correkation is not causation. but also i got setlists for a soecific music gente for that year in one specific european city so thats great.  

can we disconnect the data yet pls.  

---

i also have an inkling i know the real stopping block with burnham, and i think i might know what the weed does when it's angry.  

it's all v high school drama tbh.  

---

getting a load of content which literally advises direct distraction from individuals, especially pointing to "deepening spirituality", is so ridiculous when i am so frequently targeted on a racial/religious background by the same feedback loop, literally as recently as the last 48 hrs in-person.  

bro how many iq points are actually just yours and no one elses?  

---
---

<!--To the person/group who tried in 2015 with that VC: thank you for trying. I understand what the outcomes were. You really did try. I understand how you probably saw what was happening, and what was attempted. Thank for for really trying. Now we all get to laugh at them as a group effort. ðŸ‘ 

I was moved because it was noticed; Trauma Innovation 2016 was a *problem*, as was another incident in 2018, and it goes on. Every whistleblower tried, really tried. Thank you. Really. I can confirm these people are utterly unhinged, so 100% I know you did really try.-->

---
---

Regarding recent screenshot:  

To some degree, I am thankful to have more obvious evidence. It's better than not having anything to show.  

---

<!--Well, I like to think 2015 was a nice attempt, rather than abuse of power to fish. :/ -->

---

you'd have to be a pretty great tit to say that i'm the posh one who doesn't get it; do you not think my mother did everything she could to make my life easier? so that i could be free from men? so that i could freely move in the world? do you not think she knew how to make sure i got that best possible chance?  

what a plank.  

---

unless that is the "justification", in which case we're looking at 1996 onwards which precedes my own irl.  

i'm starting to wonder if you just really fucking hate my mother.  

given your general responses, i can see how women who don't cower for a man are "the entire problem".  

---

(Context for the unaware: we look extremely similar, sometimes almost twin-like. I'm sure you can imagine that strong women breed other strong women. Some of the humans which call themselves men, find this to be so existentially threatening to their ego, that they seek to destroy those women. I am not saying it for definite, but I am considering it as a possibility. A number of nudge, or data retrieval, has been done with her as an unwitting vector; this is predator psychology, if the same person wanted to hurt both women, particularly the mother. ask the women around you, especially the ones with children, how fucked up this is.)  

---

[I am here to protect my honour as well as hers, you perverted lump of flesh. "The Army's back - did you miss us?"](https://youtu.be/EDOIzK8NuoU?si=18a1krVVVyFHUaT5)  

Our NKVD, our Stasi: whichever you prefer, you are no longer official or relevant, and you are invited to stand down.  

She and I are both inordinatly better protectors of the King's Peace than you.  

You just had enough papers. Where have they gone?  

Also can't believe you're whining from the fencepost; you have been luckier than you think. Many of us forget what we do have when we are so angry at that which we do not.  

---

I'm sure a theorist would say that the reason why so many of those Zionist, despite not having any reason to get involved in anything Jewish in this country (one might say it would be better if you didn't, and stayed in your own fucking lanes), it's because you've value control and domination, particularly where illegitimate and through violence.  

I disagree that this is the totalis of the thing: I think there are two elements, which need to be acknowledged in addition.  

Firstly, it is becoming incredibly obvious to me that the revolting man who are very conscious of watching my presence online to the extent that the Internet confuses us for each other because you're on the same IP address, that you essentially have a fetish for muscular men, and you have a very ingrained racism which you are not addressing. You look at men that you don't see as white, and that does include as a Jewish men for you, and the only way in which you could admire them, is if you perceive them as muscular. This is actually the original reason that people like Theodore Herzl, just did not believe that we could be safe in the diaspora, and why people like him believed that the only way Jewish men could be protective of their communities was to actively embody the most hyper masculine version of whatever than you Modern Hebrew was (which, as we were all in a patriarchy, by default was male). This is a very old empire idea around some races just being better warriors: it's why the British created and the British created the circumstances to bring about a character like Idi Amin. It's why this sort of older school British empire thinking, still speaks about "the Gurkhas", and "the Sikhs", and there is an England belief that they are just inherently good warriors. One of the biggest lies of British empire ever told about India, was to speak about the cast system as if it was unusual and alien to them: the British caste system, and for all intents and purposes embedded it further during Raj occupation of the Hindustani principalities.  

I would like to remind these men, yet again, that when you speak to people in this country from that subcontinent, you are speaking in large parts either two groups who have been displaced by coercion, en masse, to fulfil a particular human labour "need", in manners which skirting incredibly close to part of the crimes against humanity which make up genocide, or alternatively, in many cases you are speaking to descendants of incredibly highly regarded levels of that caste system. It is not uncommon to speak to people who are literal descendants of princesses and literal descendants of Lords and ladies, this is the kind of level of people that you speak down to, and yet for some reason you're exactly the same people who are practically wanking over our own hierarchical caste system.  

Yet you will promise to everyone that you are not racist.  

I believe you also think that we didn't loot India by gang violence. You should ask yourself with so many of the words to describe people that are adversaries, come from.  

In that: I think the only thing to wish for you, is Tippu's Tigers. The ones on his wall.  

The other thing that speaks very loud loudly, even though you never say it directly, it's not simply  that you believe Jewish life to possess a certain degree ofsubhumanness, or an obsession with caste.  

The constant through line, is a complete wanting of internal identity, Mental fortitude, grit, courage, and self-tolerance, that are only due to find the need to carry these action actions out, but Zionism offers you two ways in which you can feel better about yourselves as men, if you simply forget other people are men as well. it does not just allow you to dominate, but it allows you to prove your commitment to dominance to other men (particularly some of the ones you label as "tolerably exotic", so the psychosexual drama is hardly surprising), in an act which is not unlike when bucks display internal ranking behaviour; furthermore, it allows you to white-knight Jews as a whole, with your racism by it's very definition but also by its particular lineage, feminises.  

In this regard, your maintenance of antisemitism which belongs in the Victorian era is hardly surprising. It also explains very easily why you flip-flop between the Victorian era antisemitism, and a fixation which board is on fetishistic if not crosses that border in its entirety, on Jewish men who are mimicking European colonisation.  

In this regard, you are some of the largest hurdles between Jewish people in this country and Jewish emancipation in this country.  

Get the fuck out of our way.  

And get the fuck out of my mother's private data.  

Although I take it, from some very particular returns that I've seen in the paperwork, that you are saying that I have those maternal mitochondria.  

Thank you for saving me the DNA test; this was not the most ethical way in which you could tell a patient what their test results were.  

You are welcome to return my academic standing, whenever you feel like you wish to bow down like real men.  

If I don't get a title, I need some sort of weapon; I need something more than just the law to protect me from these men, clearly they have honed it to a point. That's why they still get their kicks from dominating young girls?  

It should really be very self evident that this is so low it's not even beta behaviour; proper men like a challenge. One that could actually kill them.  

---

I take it this is why Derbyshire Constabulary were so confident, in the manner in which they degraded me and degraded another woman, and I imagine you pulled the OSA in order to claim that you didn't need to share the details of the arrest, but also to shut up, the man who was helping, because as you and I have both figured out (although admittedly you needed to read it on a screen, and I could just tell), the man is bounded by Crown Servant rules, isn't he?  

Which shows us something else; these men *hate* men who stand up for women.  

It shows them precisely what they are not.  

So as we said: if you want a job done properly, send in The Army.  

They might be walking embarrassment, but they are far more capable that any of you will ever be, are quite hapoy shooting some rapists and paedophiles, and unlike you, they actually want to get fucked by women.  
It's giving "Daddy Trump" vibes; yes, they are marching that badly on purpose for you.  

---

We have some quite expensive cars doing paperwork outside the house.  

If you had grounds, you would do the thing you really want to do, except you know that I'll be able to speak to a lawyer. So you'd be giving me what I actually want.  

I do sort of wonder, if I go into London with a big T-shirt that calls for globalising the intifada, what precisely would you do?  

Am I allowed to go to the police station and get a lawyer?  

You know you have given me the idea, that this might be how to get one.  

This feels a bit like when Brooks was here.  

It's a film about tunnelling through shit; it's on my mind a lot.  

Go on. I dare you.  

---

I'm going to need us to stop observing refugee lawyers, visa lawyers, the women speaking out in the spycops campaign, and basically any man on the left capable of agreeing into feminism at least in theory, and potentially able to advocate for us.  

I'm gonna need you to be less fucking obvious, basically.  

---

Bestie, if this comes down to you being rejected, and being rejected in a fairly blunt way, that I have never been prouder of that woman.  

She really just doesn't think you should have to suck dick to get up in the world.  

Which would explain the... do we call it trafficking, prostitution, pimping... what does it fall into?  

It's pretty pathetic, to be honest.  

Can you even imagine if you tried to do it for real down yhem?  

Does it make you feel like a big boy to boss the southerners around?  

Do they know how long you'd last up home?  

Gan an - arrest iz. Gizziz a lawyer.  

---

Oh. Ohhhhhhh.  

It's just clicked why you've got a real fucking thing for my voice.  

You have told me everything I need to know about what really hurts.  

---

It's giving... "union type sells us out to the bosses, gets his own deal".  

I'm going to be honest it also... I imagine there's a list involving Margaret Thatcher. Not in the way that the posh southerners are thinking. I think I need to go and bleach my brain.  

I also do not like this "invisible" business. Not one bit.  

---

[Why does it bother you, bestie?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD4Cs9F/)  

---

A shame you cannot protect our nation's children with the same passion as a pork-grain mix sausage roll.  

You know about the charges, I assume.  
I don't think the menu is the largest concern.  

Using the Sheffield boy like that, incidentally, is far worse to me than their actions performed towards me under those circumstances; I have told you many times, to get the fuck out of our way.  

---

You did change the plates, right?  

I have an entire fleet in my notes; I didn't feel comfortable putting it all on my phone. I have the others. You know that I'm partially analog.  

Lovely shiny Tesla things, too.  

Now I do know why, they used religious architecture to hurt me (actually very normal for Muslim families I imagine; why have you got so much interest in that Birmingham pig's head one?), and why exactly, I had a few few days left to my own devices, after I went outside in the old RAF T-shirt.  

It's a shame that you clearly have as much respect for our servicemen and women, as you have for children; your little minions apparently do you have some sort of vague sense of a line, subject to huge improvement as though it may be.  

Do you actually do any work in your sector of government? Do you actually help? Having been through this process, it has made me absolutely *hate* institutional government, incredibly scared of our services, and ultimately far more likely to be anarchist now then at any point in the past.  

You've taken any sort of formal professionalism from me, you have literally interfered in marriage engagements, and as such, I have nothing to lose, societally.  

You have created the exact conditions which turn people into terrorists.  

Are you ignorant to the fact you do this? Or do we need to ask questions about other instances?  

I'm sure you can hear the tone in my voice, seeing as you're not obsessed with it. For anyone who can't pick it up from the writing, I do understand. For absolute clarity: to what extent have our service services being creating the terrorists that we fear?  
And is it because of ignorance? Or is it otherwise?  

---

How many of your men did I catch?  

I think that word is the best word: sometimes it was literally cornering them into not being able to show their faces, and as such, not be able to move from very strange positions.  

How many friends did that make you?  

Maybe they need training. Do they not pay attention to their surroundings? How bargain bin are you going here?  

Or am I just better, from a near-lifetime of outrunning you?  

---

So do MI5 interfere in every rape case, or was that soecial for me?  

Gosh. I cannot possibly imagine why the prosecution rate is so low.  

---

And SAS for some students with lentils was a little much, dear.  

Normal security are not that hot, and none of them displayed the legal minimum ID, despite the university clearly happy to have them.  

Does that undermine the king's bench case? Because that wasn't declared.  

Would you like me to disclose the likely contracts? Because all of our foreign adversaries will now know, and we'll have known for more than a year at this point.  

China doesn't need to "steal" data like this, it just needs to be on TikTok more than you.  

I can't believe that we are currently making that particular country look like the good guy, but apparently you're as okay with torture and control of your own population, so competent at this point does look like "better".  

next, you'll tell me that you're bothered about the Russians because they might have bigger cocks.  

Spoiler: (I think a lot of people have a bigger one than yours.)  


---

Can someone please let me be slightly less of a raycat, and come and get their idiot?  

Although let's be honest:  

A lot of people who have been silenced contractually for years are fucking loving this shit and you know they are.  

---
