[For the record, I would consider tighter border controls, if they kept out rich white American paedophiles and rapists.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRygWxkD/)  

I said "consider"; I'm still not sure about boys drawing imaginary lines at all, really.  

I mean, when you think about it, it's fascinating that the same people who can respect a border, can't respect a "no", can't seem to work out that an unconscious person can't consent, or seem to think that consent from a teenager when they themselves are an adult, is valid.  

Again, if there were any consistency, I might be able to understand any of your points about these "borders".  

My vagina has a border, has it always been respected? Has immigration control always been given adequate enforcement powers?  

No, because many white men would rather end our species, than respect anyone else's power.  

It's as if they all think they have their own personal little nuclear mutual-destruction option, but no one's been down to maintain it, and it's questionable if the crew is even still alive down there.  

---

[Are we in a dictatorship? Is this like the "pre-Reform" easing-in for fascism?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyg3KWQ/)  

That is an interview which will only be brushed aside at great peril; that is highly unusual and very serious.  

Americans: consult your nearest emotional support Briton for advice.  

This reminds me a lot of when we had several hunger strike prisoners who had been on hunger strike for so long, that they were at risk of imminent death, and it was really unclear whether or not the cabinet actually understood what was going on, which is very strange. This is why, when you look at it, it could be that the Prime Minister is acting honestly, but if so, this would suggest that there is a serious communications issue going on, there is far beyond incompetence, and looks more like active interference.  

---

I haven't had functional Internet on my Wi-Fi for over a day by the way, but... standard, innit.  

I can't be bothered to keep changing VPN, but 5G seems *alright*. Touch wood. 🤣🤣🤣  

Maybe I've upset the little Tsarina princess bear. 🥺🥺🥺  

Poor little ego. So fragile.  

i'm also getting some ready specific errors in things like clipboard you said, just the usual "meddling to be annoying" sort of behaviour.  

---

[I do love how basically every person who comments on this, is like "what the fuck".](https://www.tiktok.com/@walesjournalist/video/7605655526260706582)  

The politics of the United States does not translate directly onto the UK; we are not a "mini US". I'm not saying that as a good or a bad thing, it's completely neutral. We are just not that, which is why it's really funny to watch all of this money being spent on parties like Reform, because parties like that are actually quite fragile in a UK political ecosystem.  

---

Temporarily put of online ordering. Nvm.  

Still a silly goose.  

Btw geolocating to Virginia, which is fun.  

---

["Our queer blood is on your hands forever, and it will haunt you."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRypkQSU/)  

---

Oh, Pam. Even more bizarre than Kash.  

Are either of you concerned, that they will push you out to the crowds first?  
The people who put you where you are, put Trump where he is...  

Those are not the kind of people who protect people.  

They will cut you off in a heartbeat, to save their own skin.  

---

[And this is why the divination haters are missing out, because it is always hilarious to play this game.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRys1CXn/)  

Honestly? If you need to make a poppet, go for it, but I will reiterate that protection magic is the best magic (it's almost as if it's like adding mindfulness, CBT, DBT, and wise mind elements in a glitter globe and shaking it).  

---

[Much to say; a woman will only be able to have a significant impact on culture, where she is empowered to do so.](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2026/feb/11/furious-female-labour-mps-urge-starmer-to-make-a-woman-his-de-facto-deputy) There are several wonderful examples, who have already been in Cabinet, of female leadership in the Labour Party. Simply desiring change on one issue is not enough; the skillset and track record of eradicating toxic hypermasculinity are essential, where the culture is so impacted. This is not a matter of disrespect to "new blood", and I don't always believe that this is necessary, but complete novelty when we are peri-constitutional crisis, in a moment of parliamentary history, is quite a bold step.  

There are several women in the party who may or may not wish for the role, but have the provable track record behind tolerating that level of leadership, some of them whilst being eviserated daily by national press. The entire world would be on hand to criticise such a woman, with alt right bot farms only adding to our own donestic cultivation of misogyny; this cannot be someone who cannot stand through horrific scrutiny, which will absolutely be thrown at her.  

A woman in this position will not simply be judged on her own record, but the record of any company she keeps, any and all risks in her office, and must somehow also be a woman on top of all that. This is not a job for anyone who cannot be utterly ruthless, alike to the Prime Minister himself, as well as the King in the summer, when it comes to cutting all chaffe from their vicinity.  

We must not only do what the men do; we nust also do it "backwards and in heels".  

We live in a world which hates women, we have a media which hates women, and the hounds infesting Whitehall live to see a goid woman fall. Demonstrable strength must follow courage of conviction.  

And a sword. Mostly to scare the men into not being ridiculous.  

---

In other news, according to the LLM book, this author has a tenous grasp of mathematical analysis; I find this curious, given the reports I have seen, which have significant similarity to the actual author's analysis. One of which is about rape survivorship and community outcomes, actually.  

The stitch-up email comes between the last authored report, and this example that I am aware of. Quite curious.  

---

[Perhaps a hot take, but actually I think Kemi Badenoch has the sort of mettle that is needed, where the women in the Labour Party are looking for female leadership to make a difference.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c98qene0gpdo) I may not be on board with her politics, and she has served under men who have been as disappointing on gender as every British government in recent memory, but Kemi is essentially holding the Conservatives together and giving their image CPR on a daily basis, whilst doing it backwards, in high heels, and somehow like a swan across water. She is doing this in a notoriously hypermasculine environment, both in terms of public politics, but also in terms of the particular party she operates within. It would be more interesting to see her be given more strategic direction herself, but this is a reality of both larger parties: donors and lobbies have a disproportionate impact on modern UK politics. This often hems party leaders into a box which is not even of their own making.  

Have the Conservatives improved as a boys club since her leadership? I have no idea, but this is the level of public image under pressure expected from forces outside the party, who seek to tear a party to shreds, and as women we must not simply resist that, but do the job as well... any transformational change would be an additional ask on top of that.  

Any men who want to use a woman as a bandaid are unserious at best, outright sadistic at worst.  

---

[Good to know who else the audience watches.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyn8q5E/)  

---

[This is misleading.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyn8NDs/) We do have raids which are increasingly mirroring ICE tactics. True, nostly unarmed in terms of firearms, but the impact of these under the last government and the current one is incredibly stressful for local communities. Is anyone in the Labour Party left wing anymore?  

"I want a Panopticon", but also "We don't have ICE raids here"?  

Am I missing the key step?  

These are all dehumanising tactics.  

---

[First few comments has a "Get out, J". GI Robot mode activated.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRynLbEo/)  

For the record, Becca Balint (who is not named in the indexable text, unhelpfully) voted against a niche resolution that sought to criminalise the phrase, "from the river to the sea", arguing that it would unfairly weaponise antisemitism claims against Palestinians under active genocide. Becca Balint's family were Holocaust victims and survivors. Pam Bondi is a Nazi talking head. Pam Bondi can stfu.  

I am not yet able to forgive white goyim that enabled this dynamic; go fuck yourselves.  

---

I will say this for free:  

After the genocide, I dropped the politeness after overextension, and a lot of people are somehow realising for the first time that I have brain cells in my skull.  

Interesting that we always pressure women to be polite, but only respect women when we're not polite.  

---

[All we talk about in this country, is a social issue which has not caused a net negetive impact on the economy, and which has not caused a net negetive impact on our workforce, and which has not caused a net negetive impact on crime or terrorism.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRynbYyU/)  

What even is "too high" an immigration rate?  

Brexit stunted our economy far more tgan immigration, and I have *never* seen that £350 million promised from the NHS, but I hear the EU MP pension isn't bad.  

---

[Significant Canadian divestment re Andrew M-W connections. SPEAKING OF THINGS WHICH UNDERMINE GDP...](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyn5Fyt/)  

Once the market twitches, the contraction ripples.  

---

Geolocating to Yorkshire. Least surprising thing I've seen all day.  

---

[May is memory be a blessing.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywM66H/)  

---

[Note: he's not talking about a woman who engaged in sex work, but just a woman who was in a room with him.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywjhQu/) Haven't factchecked yet; this is worth doing so on the image, bit this conent creates cognitive desensitisation and increases population risk.  

---

[The reactions of the alt right are precious.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyweTU5/)  

Side note: my keyvoard keeps moving into Hebrew when it shouldn't. It has done this since dloating Russia, so idk if Israel want to clarify that cerating things are not their stuff, that might be a good idea?  

Honestly this is very "white duse under theeat" behaviour.  

I am currently getting so mamy weird UK SAR returns. As a total set, they contradict eaxh other.  

Someone can't keep a story straight, it seems.  

---

The funny thing is, that simply because no one wanted to deal with a slightly awkward complaints with reasonable basis at a local level, we're now at "active international embarrasment" level.  

If Britain were to die, that's how we would go – too embarrassed to look at the hole in the bow, letting the ship sink rather than act.  

Wrapped in a Union flag, singing "G-d Save The King"... and we would do this over an otherwise minor leak.  

Whatever potentially local, potentially national, factor is running around like a headless chicken talking everyone out of FOIA compliance, is actively contradicting the SARs so much, that as a bundle they are very obviously stating a set of facts which give open contradictions, show clear temporal parrallels where there have been meetings or shared briefings, and indicate either undeclared deletions or ommissions. Thet align with a particular social network which does involve some Labour figues, but is ultimately not politically aligned, and is either actively alt right, or exposing an inherent weakness that the alt right in the UK was relying on.  

Whatever this is, it's as if the ranking of preference is:  
1. Labour, because tribalism
2. Alt right, but they don't like being called Nazis
3. Liberal Democrats/Conservatives, if they are useful
(The Greens are considered the dross and untouchable, apparantly.)

I don't think this is one person; I think "a small handful" is more accurate, and I think whatever it is is deeply challenged by McSweeney and Allan in particular have gone. They seem to be somewhat removed from Mandelson.  

this is another reason why I'm incredibly conscious that anyone who brings in what looks like new blood at this time, needs to really explain why that is, because this looks a lot more like installing allies, than actually anything positive. This kind of behaviour I've seen so many times, it's always done to people who are otherwise really good, and have a lot of potential, which is why while I sound really harsh, it's out of compassion for those people that they are not used in processes like this.  

You can have the same person go forward, as long as whatever or whoever is the influence that seeks to use their position and their connections, is cut off completely.  

One of the biggest problems that I personally found from the whole Julian Assange thing, is it so many leftist men who I admired, really threw themselves under the bus to protect a man who had credible accusations at the time; someone can be nice or good in some ways, and they can still do really shitty things, because they just fundamentally don't think that that thing is wrong to do.  

This is the bit that we keep saying is teachable to a lot of men, so whilst some men will never be able to learn to respect women, some of them can, and by refusing to engage in this at all, or only engage in the surface where it suits image only, we end up in a position where we are never going to fix this on the left. Labour is already in a position where it's so mainstream, and there are so many other parties who are even worse for this on the left, that seriously the embarrassed amount of improvement, would make the party so much safer for women.  

*cough cough* *swp*  

It's not just one party. This is a problem which has never been addressed on the left. This is the problem which undermines the left, because women are most likely to do most of the free shitty labour that you need in order to organise a political movement.  

I'm not saying you should use this that way, but you are literally shooting ourselves in the foot, where you can't even settle for using us in a slightly less exploited way, because you are so in love with protecting dangerous men.  

Conservatives: don't even get me started. One of your MPs was basically talking through how Donald Trump didn't do a rape, even though the incident would be a rape in the UK. The particular way in which they did this, actually undermine the basis of the law for rape in the UK. So that was great.  

This is a problem across society, and it is a problem which countries and stakeholders who seek to undermine the UK economically, are very aware of and are actively utilising in order to cut us off from international influence.  

But sure: women are the real problem.  
[Ed, sweetie, no....: the country does want the party to sort this out. The party cannot keep undermining half of the country.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyw5eyo/)  

[Whatever this is, it is nearly a symptom of what is clearly a capture problem, which is impact in communications chokeholds, and this is what is fundamentally tearing that party apart.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywUtXW/)  

I would like to remind that I'm a party that one of the most senior civil servants that we have, regarding an appointment of the most senior civil servant in the country, literally went to the media because they didn't trust that they were going to get a response to their email to Cabinet Office about a serious whistleblowing matter; there is something wrong, and if the senior team are not aware of it, they need to look into who the fuck is talking to them and saying everything is okay.  

it's not okay, and there are people in very different advocacy areas who are telling you that it's not okay. The Conservatives do not appear to be having this exact communication problem, which points are more of a political party issue than a civil service issue (although Ultimate ultimately doesn't excluded if it were a deliberate timed attack), it appears to be something that's coming with Labour; whether this is a cultural issue a personal issue or a cyber security issue, or a combination of those, that doesn't matter. It needs to be fixed.  

This can literally be done with more localised infiltration via cyber security means, or three manipulation of applications and analysis that the party uses, or the CRM. Given that Peter Mandelson used to run the CRM and was really one of the big power houses behind it, that might be a good place to check to make sure that things are working tickety boo.  

If it was a CRM impact, then what is impacting the CRM is literally tried to oust both the Prime Minister minister and the Royal Family this week, so I would consider it to be a national security issue at this point.  

(Am I serving the British interest enough yet to not be a terrorist anymore?)  

---

[Do the Met...*know* who these auditors are? Because if you're judging my risk to be somewhere by the guys who doxx people like me... Can we discuss?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywqdAH/) I don't think this is being discussed, which is a shame, because these are usually instigators or doxxers.  

"Palestine people" don't buy all that new tech on the BDS list, which auditors are often openly sporting; these people ain't ours, and they're infiltrating chat groups on a fairly advanced level. (They also mostly yell slurs at the people on the protest, so...) This is a huge barrier to protest, so it's interesting that we haven't had the opportunity for shared knowledge if this os how badly it's impacting operations.  

These people are one of three things, in any protest, and this is going to be bounced back as a series of claims against Forces in the future, if not handled with care.  

If you can't have people protest physically, they'll start doing things like group refusal to pay taxes, which has been under consideration previously by different groups. Government could do with a balance across the risk management profile on this one.  

---

[Whoever benefitted from failure to charge Andrew is probably enjoyong is having to see this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywP2PT/)  

[Tbf, Donald Trump's ego is comparable to Beeblebrox's; he might genuinely think this is normal.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRywfeXB/)  

---

After posting those screenshots, I am currently receiving a round of payments being cancelled or declined, for no sensible reason.  

Any of you who thinks that this is not in some way shape or form as cyber security issue that impacts the UK, you have your head buried in the sand.  

---

I've decided the way in which I am going to increase the likelihood of ever being able to put payments through, is to keep posting commentary of the book, explaining in great detail why this is such a bad forgery; don't worry, I'm a Jew and I've read Elders of Zion, so criticising the ridiculousness of a bad forgery that is also hugely racist towards who was supposed to have writen it, is a particular expertise of mine.  

(White Europeans, and those who mimic them, have no new ideas.)  

---

Gentlemen...  

I will be nicer about the book that you guys made, with your shiny toys, and you're interestingly sourced contracts, once I can place that order through and it doesn't reject.  

Have a think about it. ❤️  

---

Aw.  

Little baby men have artificially overridden to shut a cornershop that is currently trading as an off-licensed premises into the night. Cute.  

I think it might be 24 hours actually, but go off I guess.  

It's at least 11, which makes you at least annoyed.  

---

[Anything but talking about white male violence.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyEufuo/)  

By the way, this is after getting a load of videos from a particular constabulary area, that is spelling notorious for credible allegations in relation to covering up organised CSE, and also harrassment and arresting rape survivors during the time at which evidence is given to them. Good to know who we're sharing the space with.  

---

If Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees-Mogg, and Nigel Farage, are all mentioned in the Epstein files in an email with him and a mutual contact of theirs, who also knows a guy in this circle called "Steve", and hangs around in the region of Oxford occasionally...  

Why is the British media not asking them any questions?  

Was everyone really lost on the idea that Epstein was a convicted sex offender after he was very publicly known to be a convicted sex offender?  
Personally, I think that's a really interesting question to put to the Leader of the Opposition, if what you're looking to is undermine her and yet Labour have not brought it up; why?  

I don't think it would be surprising at all if Kemi Bradenoch is personally relieved that all of these men have been even more trash that took itself out, but the fact that no one has told the Prime Minister that there's this really obvious easy goal to make, when this could've been such a walk-in at Prime Minister's questions...  

Who is inside of the Labour Party who is actively trying to undermine it?  

Or who is the in labour party who is actively that terrified of any further investigation by British media into the Epstein files?  

And who was it who went to Sky News and "laid down the law"? Because something happened there and it was very strange.  

If this is genuinely just to cover for one man in this country and everyone who benefited from that reality being the case, I am more than happy to take him over there myself. I volunteer as tribute. We are not flying coach.  

---

[Conservative British men hust having a casual one with Jeff Epstein in 2019; nothing to see here.](https://www.justice.gov/epstein/files/DataSet%209/EFTA00782305.pdf)

---

Urgh.  

This does now open up having to do the SAR to CFI unghhhhhh.  

Something that we say throughout all of this, and something that I've noticed a lot through Polaris and the increase that Polaris producers in legal risk to whoever has cloned and captured my voice (because this is a developing area of law, that in the UK specifically, has significant potential to actually protect your own identity and likeness and cadence and have that being an extension of you as a person, so the fact that I write more does actually increase legal risk by definition; it's why I really can't get out of the writing thing, and probably why no one has the balls to let me access a lawyer), as well as other data, is how interesting it is, that the longer that this goes on and the more the pressure amounts up, the the greater the amount of disclosure is not just about Epstein but also specifically regarding the Zionist lobby in Britain, have come out.  

What I found really interesting about this is that the Zionist lobby are actually in a weaker position than the Epstein lobby, but the two appear interconnected.  

Which is obviously not helping my underlying suspicion, which is that some men talk a lot of shit, and High behind Jews as human shields, not carrying at all about the actual matters that they say they care about, but do so so that their other crimes are not looked into.  

Because they're "nice" men. They protect Jews, see?  

Therefore, they would never harm children, they would never harm women, and they certainly would never harm it which woman who had been raped as a child. That would never be possible, because they are so nice.  

Bet that the silenced academic is the one reasonable voice in CT who said, "maybe not all antizionism is terrorism; maybe there is a spectrum".  

One of the things that caused my migraine, was the description of the inevitability of the IDF's disproven and debunked theory about Hamas tunnels under hospitals; this also gives us the university of Oxford as being a body who does know who these people are, because they know what happened in the handling of the video that was of the Palestine what next event which was hosted by a dedicated organisation led by Palestinian doctors in the UK, and has very questionably lost her license to practice (ultimately making the healthcare system even less safe for people like me, who by definition of racialised on the IRA provision within the NHS, thank you Wes Streeting) and has been arrested several times, and one of whom became the Rector of the University of Glasgow, only after being wrongly held immigration, after by the way serving in a humanitarian disaster where he was one of the victims and targets of a genocide.  

But you know, I'm sure we all know who the real terrorist are.  

It's the doctors, obviously.  

So whoever is in the university of Oxford who could get or lobby for that information, would actually find some relevant material, because if you can find out who pulled that, you can find out who was worried that it might evidence the fact this book was a forgery.  

I would really rather that this was not like a very complicated game of risk, but unfortunately there are a group of men in this country who do largely see politics as a very complicated version of risk.  

And they play it very badly.  

It is also in the Prime Minister's personal interest to know what happened with this videotape, as it is in the interest of anyone who really cares about you and ambassadors being able to freely speak in this country, as well as healthcare professional professionals being able to freely speak in this country; to even suggest that it would be antisemitism because a couple of Jewish men were involved in some degree to any of this, is absolutely insane.  

For the record, I just want to really reinforce that Norman Finkelstein out of all of this was the best looking Jewish man in the Epstein files, because he was basically the only person who leveraged his privilage in his adjacency to white masculinity, and his particular shared identity as a Jew, and told the worst people within all of this to get fucked.  

I am incredibly proud of Uncle Norm for this; stellar behaviour.  

The fact that so many white people will read that, and feel awkward about even looking for due diligence and data compliance handling within this? I need you to ask why you see us are so exceptional, that you cannot hold men responsible without our community when their actions clearly impact people outside our community.  

That seems to be a sticking point for you, it's called philosemitism, and it is still a form of antisemitism.  

We are all taught to do this, but it is essentially only really boosting your own ego within the group that is "white people"; it is really dehumanising, to be viewed as this angel like being.  

And of course, once one does not meet particular expectations, one is racialised even worse than before, so generally it's just a bad thing.  
Please stop doing it.  

Argue with us; this is our culture.  

---

[REPUBLICANS JUST VOTED TO REVERSE CANADIAN TARIFFS. Now do ICE.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyEp959/)  

---

[Imagine having a self-image so broken, you lash out at kids. Mind boggles.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyEpMFm/)  

[This is how authoritarian regiemes start; you have to muzzle academics, doctors, and lawyers first, so they are easier to take out of the resistance.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyE3kCy/) UKLFI is not a "Jewish interests" charity; regardless of any of its preexisting intentions, it is now actively assisting authoritarian capture of the UK. How this is legal, is absolutely ridiculous, and I refer again, to previous governments who have allowed, facilitated, and benefitted, from lawfare for political purposes.  

There are literal Holocaust deniers, that these people never sue.  
Did none of you think that was a bit odd?  

If they want to do something for Jews in this country, why won't they see Nigel Farage? He's all over the place calling us globalists on national news, has never apologised for any of the comments brought up by former school peers, many of which are directly at specifics of the Holocaust, towards people who have got Holocaust survivorship in their family.  

Do they not think that might be a bit more useful than a doctor, who was served in, at the very least a humanitarian disaster, but more correctly, an active genocide *where he was one of the targeted people within that group*?  

I hope the maths is starting to connect on this, because quite frankly, I am rather tired of them.  

I mean again, if they would like to talk to me about who could possibly have lifted a Jewish rape survivors records out of the justice system, and used it to AB test a wartime narrative, when our country *was not at war*, be my guest. I find it very interesting that goyim listen to people like this, and take their advice like they're shitting gold nuggets of legal wisdom.  

It's just Canary Mission with lawyers; how is it different?  

Does this really interesting thing that I find, which is that white people seem to refuse to understand that there's any risk post to British Jewish data subjects by anything to do with Britain's actions internationally when there is an exclusively Jewish state that we were in instrumental in making and have openly supported, and yet, as soon as your complaint is towards another person who is also Jewish, it doesn't matter if the two of you British as everybody else: "oh, it's a communal matter". SAYS WHO?!  this will happen when there's absolutely no connection between the two parties, it's just that we share a religion, and it's just so telling of British establishment's entire attitude to Jewish life.  

You can tell us that our communities are quiet or they keep to themselves, but if you keep denying us for meaningful process, and keep circuiting it back just because it's political (to you), you are treating us as not full citizens, and you are essentially denying us full emancipation in this country.  

This is why I have absolutely zero time for the white people who will refer to "North London lawyers"; like, what do you want me to say? I'm sorry that there are people who share it and identify a trait with me, who are also clearly better than you – I'm sorry that it isn't just me?  

If this sounds harsh, you have benefited from the system for too long.  

I haven't actually had anything to do with this charity, they stated they didn't have any of my data, so presumably that is the case. Seems weird but whatever.  

I just find it very interesting how white people react to this whenever I talk about it; respectfully, a doctor Who I have quoted in speeches before, because his testimony is that compelling, is not so harmful to Jewish communal life, that there is any benefit in taking this case forward.  

The GMC have always been very socially conservative, and under the previous 14 years, became so political, essentially because there are a lot of people who really want to sell the NHS off to private investment, which also happens to be the same private investment that never actually investments in the healthcare service. It mostly just extracts any value where we regain our losses, disposing the healthcare system further.  

There are lots of Books on this, it's been something that's been happening for decades, and if you don't think that the same people who would make capital interest from a UK privatise system have any reason to invest in charities like this doing this sort of work, I think you need to catch up with the current state of affairs that we are dealing with.  

It's absolutely fascinating is that the charities commission genuinely doesn't think or hasn't had the case put them, to the point where they've reached a conclusion, the UKLFI undermines the charity commission rules which means that you have to essentially produce more benefit than harm, to be able to have the particular financial arrangement that a charity is.  

There's an active plan plan currently, but that doesn't actually stop them from going to High Court.  

Gosh, I wonder why they would be going to High Court that seems like a really... *desperate* move.  

The most interesting thing about this as well as the whilst the UK has been in its own little bubble of nonsense in terms of media output, the reality on the ground is that when this goes to the ICJ, the fact that we haven't taken any decisive action to protect a Palestinian man from this type of legal action, and there's also a Palestinian woman who has lost her license in a similar manner, those actions will be part of the larger crime of genocide which will be tried in that Court. Genocide classically do not self contain to one geographical area, they spread. The ICJ orders are not just to do with how Israel is conducting itself, but apply to every single state, every organisation, every legal system, and every single individual.  

It would absolutely be possible, in the future, for a legal team to turn around and say that by allowing this and by being so permissible to this in this country, towards people who are within the targeted group which I've been recognised at risk by the ICJ, that we as a country have been complicit within that genocide purely on that basis alone, without even going into the military stuff.  

That would be a matter of public record, and you could not hide it behind any instrument like the official secret Zack or national security, because it's literally been all over the press.  

Of course, this also puts people within the media and also organisations in the media at risk, because if they have exposed themselves to the point where they look like they are culpable we look like they are too generous, and do not appear to defend the Palestinians who we are talking about here, then they will also be liable at the ICJ.  

So when we talk about who's going to fund the reconstruction of Gaza, consider that it might be the UK media at this point; the ICJ in part settles in financial damages, and once there is a ruling in place there is then the legal basis to be challenged on taught or on civil claims within this country itself. The UK has legislation which supports compliance with the ICJ orders, the fact that we have chosen not to is a political decision, and is completely illegal with UK domestic law.  

I am not a self hating Jew for saying any of this; I am made you who was practising her religion as it is most commonly identified, and I am doing so at the expense of being called a dissident by the state where a lot of of Jewish people have family and relatives that they do not want to be stopped from seeing (quite understandably).  

The reason that I put myself in this position is because I am one of the few British people in this country who are not simply British exclusively and Jewish, but also do not have any family, so you literally cannot hold that against me at passport control in Israel.  

I'm also one of those people who probably will die fighting, let's be honest. I'm not saying that that's a clever choice, it is a very stupid choice, but it is who I am. What are you gonna do. 🤷‍♀️  

(Take my pointy stick off me? I think not.)  

Anyway, moral of the story: I think it would be very interesting to find out who is so interested in suppressing the speech of the organisation which this gentleman runs, but they pulled a a video from the university of Oxford, that also directly relates to whatever LLM bullshit this book is, because it contains footage of the author directly contradicting an explanation for something which has been thoroughly debunked, which appears in the book.  

I just think that would be a very interesting journalistic task.  

It's not as if there wasn't a whole bit of Polaris yapping about it.  

Also many birds with one stone, it did also suppress the speech of the UN Rapporteur, Francesca Albanese.  

Given the fact that Donald Trump does appear to be failing in his regime, and things are getting altogether quite spicy with the Epstein files, plus the imminent bankruptcy of the apartheid...  

I just think this is a place where we probably want to put the UK in some sort of vague compliance with the ICJ orders that were issued for the protection of the Palestinian people, from the crimes which make up the crime of genocide.  

Respectfully, I think we are well past the point at which we need to prove intent in any more detail.  


---
