<!--We had a false fire alarm, so I'm awake now.-->
[British local authority incompetence has gone global, which really was only a matter of time.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLJKnK/)  
British bureaucracy was made as a colonial institution; it was made to only ever run if you were the "right sort", or appropriately bribed.  
It has only ever worked for the demos in the past, and in the present, where there are amazing humans making overrides on a regular basis, often at great risk to themselves.  
This is literally a system which was not built to help, it was built to contain grievance.  
It has only ever been functional when there were good people inside it who actively worked around it.  
Reform's DOGE attempted efficiency costs, and even they failed; the system is not a 21st century system.  

Canada imported a British colonial system of bureaucracy; there is good reason to look at the overlap.  

Every system of bureaucracy which was imported from the British system, can be used as a comparison, and something you can see in common to them all is that if you are not able to bypass the actual processes, you will not be able to engage in the democracy.  

Again, this doesn't mean that there aren't some wonderful people in these systems who do everything they can, often without realising what they're doing is working against an imperial system, in order to soften the impacts of that imperial system. There are a lot of people have done a lot of work to make sure that the public who are within their remit, are looked after as far as possible; they may not be aware that they were just protecting them from the system.  

You can get angry about us talking about decolonisation as a poor white person, but please do be aware that we are trying to get rid of and replace the apparatus which hurts you too, or the very least, force it to treat you like a human.  

Local government replaced in part Victorian poor boards and workhouse committees; what did we all expect?   

When you "trim the fat", by going through austerity, you can see this for exactly what it is: at its core, our society functions in exactly the same way it did 200 years ago.  

Everything that was protecting us from the core system has been taken out.  

Do we still want to keep this system?  

In the UK, it literally does not matter if we replace the political element; it is the system itself, which is a problem.  

I refer everyone again to many years of reading Rotten Boroughs in Private Eye. The system is working exactly how it has been designed.  

This is what a colonial state does to the people in its home territory, within the imperial core; your race, the colour of your skin, none of that shit matters, because the system hates us all.  

This doesn't get better with top down restructure; you give local people real power or you burn the whole thing down.  

Fascism is merely an extension of capitalism, imperialism, white supremacy, and patriarchy; fascism is not an unsurprising end-point of the systems, because it is how they always express themselves under strain.  

---

[Basically my entire brand.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLeWqA/)  

---

[The Met Police are now formally asking former Royal Protection Officers to come forward with any information they may have.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLLgVR/) This is HUGE.  

---

On policing, it should be noted that there's a lot of difference in opinion, and a lot of wide discussion when it comes to people who are interested in or embody principles of abolitionism.  

We cannot literally "come and get you", until the forces that mean that you don't really police for people, but often police on behalf of profit, are weakened.  

It's not that everybody is really happy when you get injured; it's that you have been placed to resist any democratic action, and are currently standing in between the demos, and the tyranny.  

No one actually has to have an opinion about your personal motivations or character, to realise that what needs to change is that we have to be able to weaken the forces that are putting you in that position, before we can ever "bring you along for the ride" to liberation.  

I appreciate that there is a huge psychic toll, in how you therefore come into a depersonalised concept of "the police", especially when, for instance, we talk about the need to, "fuck the police".  

The workers, and the underclasses more widely, have so few options in order to resist; I'm not sure how this can be overcome, without genuinely losing necessary momentum, at this point.  

Many of us know that you are highly incentivised to dehumanise others; we understand that the system has been made to incentivise you, to act in a way that demobilises us.  

We could say that it's time for that conversation, but really the best time will be when industry is weaker in this country, in respect to pulling the strings of policing, in order to avoid the opinions or the emotions held by the workers being brought to the door of industrial executives.  

It's incredibly difficult to invest the amount of time and energy that is required from a resources point of view, after the 1% have enjoyed 15 years of austerity applied to all of us lot, and now they have a PM that might as well be an arms industry plant.  

There are also a lot of people who've been so deeply hurt by the way that policing has happened in this country, and the impact it's had on them personally and on the people that they love, that they really cannot come to the table yet, and may not be able to come to the table in the imminent future.  

That doesn't necessarily mean that there's anything wrong with them, but it does mean that they may express their anger in ways that are upsetting to you; might I suggest you let them express their grief and their anger.  

When we hold in our emotions, they burn through our hearts. Sometimes an expressive posture is the safest posture, even when it feels threatening.  

We are not "leaving you behind" on a personal basis, but if you want us to get you better terms, you need to let us through.  

We know who we need to direct our anger at; we are not here for you.  

Are people going to be angry in a way that feels personal? Sure. I've been told all sorts as frontline healthcare - sometimes you are the only human someone can find, and sometimes you are protecting a harmful system so thoroughly, that the anger is pretty logical. I know that doesn't make it "nice".  

But when was kettling resisters of genocide, "nice"?  

Arguably, there were times where marching in Whitehall was the closest I ever got to getting a response from democracy, once Labour took power.  

(From the people, as well as "in government".)  

I know some of you are in the club of calling him a totalitarian. Fine. Let us talk to the wannabe Tzar.  

---

[And this is why "spiking laws" will never change anything in isolation; we all know how normal this is and what will happen if the wrong strings are pulled if we say something.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLRgau/)  

This is incredibly normal in the UK, too. At both of my university experiences, including the one where we were going to be doctors, the people who tried to report sexual harassment or sexual misconduct against them (including gay men), were treated as if they had done something wrong, and anyone who was actually doing the sexual violence was protected. There were male students who later became doctors, who were actively protected by universities. The universities I went to are not connected and are in completely different parts of the country.  

This is why so many survivors are telling you, that there is essentially so much to risk when you report, that in many cases we are only reporting when we feel like we have to.  

[And by the way? It is very often women who do that protection.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPL18V6/)  

Most of us have partaken in that before, to some degree, and it would be really good if as a group we could stop allowing men to use us against each other.  

---

[Adding also that THERE ARE CREDIBLE CONCERNS RAISED THAT BRITISH VETERANS MAY HAVE BEEN KILLED BY THE IDF UTILISING BRITISH RECON AND THE INTERCONNECTED TECH WHICH WE HAVE CONTRACTS WITH but yeah, sure, it's tired members of the public who have exhaused democratic means that are the problem.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPL2fmw/)  

The IDF is a bit of a bugger for not really investigating itself properly, and it's also a bit of a bugger for not being honest with its allies, whenever there's a military death. This has happened in Lebanon with an Irish peacekeeper in recent years (where the IDF had been the occupying force in the local territory), and it has happened in Gaza with British ex-serviceman (WCK vehicle).  

There is an awful lot to talk about, because the presence of any of those parties is not necessarily in keeping with Palestinian wishes (Gaza is part of sovereign Palestinian territory, and the occupation is unlawful, which is a lot of the rationale for why Hamas engaged in Operation Al-Aqsa Flood), so when I talk about them here, I'm really talking about this from a British-centric viewpoint, which inherently excludes British Palestinians. I am doing this to speak to a specific audience; the discussion should really be led by Palestinians, including the British Palestinians who are our brothers and sisters here in the UK.  

If you really give a shit about veterans, why are you okay with the fact that the IDF has never given any explanation that makes any sense, for the World Central Kitchen workers being shot at and killed?  

Again, if what you are trying to avoid is being antisemitic, this isn't really a good enough excuse; if I was very close by when someone shot and killed some of your friends, I would kind of expect you to ask me questions.  

(And what do you know... my dictation is now disabled. Toda raba, dickheads.)  

The IDF was in the area. The IDF frequently claims to have appropriate ground control. The IDF claims its technology, and that of any contractors, is highly precise.  

So why did we lose a vehicle of British ex-servicemen, apparantly doing COGAT-compliant humanitarian work?  

Why did one of the fathers find out, essentially while watching the news, seeing his son's body bag on TV?  

If the IDF had a systems issue, maybe it needs to start turning over its contractors.  

If the IDF has a precision issue, maybe it needs to stop shooting at Palestinians.  

You cannot say you are this executive uber-professional force, and have a vehicle full of dead allied servicemen that you cannot adequately explain.  

Echoes of Hind Rajab; the difference being, that no one ever allows that to happen to a child, not ever. You can argue around about people who have served in militaries, but you cannot make that argument for a child.  

No one deserves the kind of death that Hind Rajab suffered through.  

Especially not a child.  

["I think the British Government need to be more transparent, in their dealings with Israel."](https://youtube.com/shorts/UPh4U5wcH38?si=fWeKKAXdp6bRKcgP)  

Those drones and their aux additions originate with the same contractors which are targeted by people participating in direct action, such as in the case of, but not limited to, Palestine Action.  

That UAV equipment, which people are defending like what was attacked was a ward of newborn babies, killed that British Marine.  

("I want to scream out loud: 'All oppression is connected, you dick'.")  

The MOD has previously, for various tenuous reasons, witheld on significant issues of veteran justice.  

When we are screaming for the justice of the murder of Hind Rajab, we are inherently screaming for the justice of these three vets, because the dependancies coalesce.  

Now: are you "with us, or with the terrorists", because that is how the 1% have been acting, and I personally am very tired of their bullshit.  
<!--Can you see why they call me a "highly manipulative", "terrorist", now? G-d forbid someone wants to protect the children of Gaza and also British personnel. Truly: I am the Devil incarnate.--> 
---

[A modern US-flavoured Bella Ciao; I can dig it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLsKT8/)  

---

["..sounds British to me.."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLpJpq/)  

---

[Everything is sexier once it's censored.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLpc4u/)  

---

[Honestly, it looks fucking delicious, ngl.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLbFXE/)

---

["And you know how the West thinks: it's all about the West's banks. Call a ceasefire, then start annexing the West Bank."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLaywR/)  

---

I was genuinely so shocked that this was covered, that I had to check [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLGR14/) was not a sock puppet account.  

---

[Ponzi scheme is the right framing, and this is spot on for what Epstein's "skill" actually was.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLwqLa/)  

---

[Didn't Trump do this *many times*, and the red flags were always poo-poohed?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPNMPVb/)  

---

[Deletions and witholds are all very loud.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLKKgE/) Now you can see why tranching the information is more useful to perpetrators, too. Release the files; uphold what the survivors of this vile network have asked for.  

Whoever it takes down, kinda deserves to not be in power.  

[If we couldn't keep the Epstein network's influence out of the Oslo Accords](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPN8YAk/), can we please stop referring Palestinians to their "inability to engage in the peace process"? Can we stop blaming them entirely for anything that happens to "disrupt peace"? There's an MLK quote about this, but white people don't often know it.  

I've left the language as he wrote it. This does not mean you get to be a shitty little edgelord and use words that you know are racial slurs when we say them as white people; be real, please.  

> We should never forget that everything Adolf Hitler did in Germany was "legal" and everything the Hungarian freedom fighters did in Hungary was "illegal." It was "illegal" to aid and comfort a Jew in Hitler's Germany. Even so, I am sure that, had I lived in Germany at the time, I would have aided and comforted my Jewish brothers. If today I lived in a Communist country where certain principles dear to the Christian faith are suppressed, I would openly advocate disobeying that country's antireligious laws.
>
> I must make two honest confessions to you, my Christian and Jewish brothers. First, I must confess that over the past few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to "order" than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action"; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait for a "more convenient season." Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection.
>
> I had hoped that the white moderate would understand that law and order exist for the purpose of establishing justice and that when they fail in this purpose they become the dangerously structured dams that block the flow of social progress. I had hoped that the white moderate would understand that the present tension in the South is a necessary phase of the transition from an obnoxious negative peace, in which the Negro passively accepted his unjust plight, to a substantive and positive peace, in which all men will respect the dignity and worth of human personality. Actually, we who engage in nonviolent direct action are not the creators of tension. We merely bring to the surface the hidden tension that is already alive. We bring it out in the open, where it can be seen and dealt with. Like a boil that can never be cured so long as it is covered up but must be opened with all its ugliness to the natural medicines of air and light, injustice must be exposed, with all the tension its exposure creates, to the light of human conscience and the air of national opinion before it can be cured.  

[It's not long; you can get free audio versions online.](https://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html)  

Non-violent resistance was not considered polite at the time at which it occured; if you cannot see any contemporary parallels, please do try to wake the fuck up.  

---

[I love this, because my goodness! so many people get stuff they didn't even conceive as IP stolen, but it's everything around this that really harms your life, irl not just digital.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPLWg15/)  

Now add Zuboff's Surveillance Capitalism, the laxity of sirveillance scrutiny in the UK, and tell me how much the industry of marking people as terrorists and copying them is worth in the UK.  

Prove it's not happening by building robust oversight.  

You honestly think the same men who "partied" with (did crimes with) Epstein, would not also do something that weird?  

Okay, boo.  

It wasn't actually me who said that politicians all seemed to be like clones these days - that was a well-respected journalist with a title, who had previously socialised with people like Mandelson.  

Who brought in such lax surveillance and transparency laws?  

Anyone seen Blair or Cameron these days? Very quiet, considering, you know... *everything*. Johnson hasn't made a peep, either. Truss has run to see Trump because... obviously.  

I wasn't actually thinking about my own case when I wrote this; there are several people who I know, where there is also a member of Parliament who looks or speaks astonishingly similarly to them, but just polished up a bit to a party image.  

That can be done with media training that isn't even declared as media training; you just need to nudge people through content provision, or through soft nudging in social circles. The worst thing about the way in which this network conducted itself is that grooming is actually very easy to miss, when it has become so normalised as a behaviour that we engaging in non-sexual relations.  

---

[So is it basically what Bannon offered Epstein, but a *bit* critical?](https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2026/feb/17/the-tony-blair-story-review-channel-4)  

I know I can't judge it properly because I haven't watched it. PTSD makes any viewing of long-form a precious act, so I won't do it if it's for puffing up a war criminal.  

---

A number of SARs are now overdue; looking at these specific ones, I cannot help but laugh.  

If with a little exhaustion.  

None of the white men who write policy about how the genocide *must* continue, want to talk to the Jewess about her data.  

How surprising. I am completely shocked.  

---

Fucking *hell*.  

I do something else for 5 mins, and I come back to Starmer posting thirst traps and Trice openly stating he will go against MI5 advice.  

Please can you all use just slightly less cocaine.  

---

Labour and Reform appear to be using a cloud product in common, and doing very similar data pulls with the electoral registers; if they are doing similar analytics on top, which most parties do, there is a real chance of system leakage; this risk increases significantly if something like an LLM is added at any point in the middleware, because LLMs are Mr Meeseeks.  

This could be why they sound weirdly similar but different.  

If they were not told about that risk, either or both party can challenge the contracting.  

If someone comes up to you with some magic beans... I mean, sorry, a piece of software, and tells you that this can take real-time data from the public, and use AI to niche your speechwriting so that even each of your briefs is tailored to real-time national sentiment...  

Maybe they're just selling you some magic beans, mate.  

The weird mirroring goes both ways, too. As badly written my rant about framing Polanski as a foreigner and essentially a "Red Threat" was, you can also see how Labour rhetoric leaks into Reform's formalised speechwriting. I'm not sure if anyone has realised how bone-tired Gazza down the club is of Labour talking and noting doing, so whilst he might go to Reform because he's worried his country is changing, he will also pattern-spot after a certain amount of time that it sounds like the Labour Party when it stopped working for him.  

My view is that Westminster is just one long laugh at the working class.  

---

[Medinat Israel continuing to be completely normal. Nothing to see here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPkS4pr/)  

Things like this, are why Palestinians often refuse to call it the IDF, because claiming that to be defence in an absolute joke.  

The idea of driving a tank that close to human beings, *if you actually believe they will use anything which damages a tank*, is ridiculous.  

That's just attempted intimidation of journalists by someone who can't be arsed, and is a little bit terrified to, face journalists in person.  

Palestinian men are essentially living in the perfect environmental soup to have cPTSD from a young age, so the idea that this will be as affective on them as psychological intimidation, as it would be on you as an Israeli, is absolutely wild. This doesn't mean that they will "be fine"; it means that they will reflexively learn how to resist you wuicker than you learn that it's a pointless exercise that makes your dicks look non-existant.  

Metaphorically. I'n sure you all have very pretty ones and they are perfectly adequate. Your mothers would all be very proud.  

I'm just saying: the cassis is *right there*, and you appear to be driving it closer to "the terrorists".  

You're either bad at warfare, bad at deciding who is a threat, or both.  

There is no option that makes you both men and competant.  


---
