Tone has significantly changed since approx when SPVs mentioned.  
Feed is kinder, so I'm terrified, but 80% baby goats, which is a win, although 20% really wants me to put a map of Canada on the wall.  
Energy intense daytime, so aware slavking but really need mental rest.  
Really just want to rip the plaster off on the slapp, because I've been cued for alldorts on top of a very messy algorithmic placement, and I'm just sort of done with it.  
I'd rather just have the grown-up answer, and finish off the task.  
I'm not a huge fan of the cattier side of my personality (although "ice queen" tells on others more than me), and I know it's from a permenant sense of being cornered, and lashing out; I just wnjoy being happier, and I'm geberally more useful and more pleasent.  

---

<!--Sat through enough data to conclude that, when anything goes wrong in this country, you can flip a coin and either the dentures on legs is involved or the pigfucker is.

Maybe because they're cut from the same, "If You'd Have Gone To The Hague, The Fascists Might Have Been At Least Slightly Offput" cloth.-->

---

Glad to have sat through so much shatterfork shit in last 24 hours.  

---

Call stalled and silent once guest speaker mentioned, then call dropped immediately before specific interest speaker joined for me specifically. We're both in the 2024 arrest cohort; we're both Jews rejecting 2ss as negationism.  

---

If it wasn't always bargain bin, let me just assure you that this is the lidl variant of what I was promised.  

---

For reference: I am working through a situation in which I am one of the arseholes, I was weak, I didn't help when racism was happening to soneone I care about, and I am trying to get through the paperwork that's arrived from a M-F service denying UK legal provisions without my describing child porn more clearly and without violating conditions of my NFA.  

I would rather be able to just be able to deal with the bit where I was a cunt and not have this weird complication, but I suspect that is the point.  

This is what Zionism looks like in practice.  

---

It is a British governance choice to deny known foreign interference in due process.  

It is 100% a choice you mist be making at this point.  

If all you can do is refuse to engage, and NCND, then that is not a leadership which holds legitimacy.  

It is cowardice; it is allowance for foreign rule.  

Your arms were not twisted. You have made a choice.  

If it is a contractor? If it is a contract?  

I don't use "foreign" to be adverse; I use it to show that by your own IPA, you don't follow your own rules.  

I don't need any more paperwork to see what this is, and no one else should, either.  

You saw opportunity to exploit, and you used it.  

Not for "British interests". For your own personal gain.  

You are illegitimate by your own definition, terrorists against the British people by your own definition, and charleton governance.  

This is organised crime with some gold spray paint.  

---

(If you are currently telling yourself you only did action X, then I can only, **_only_**, count you as an ally if you also did actions Y and Z. You would be the same if it were you.)  

---

The coercive control continues; is it less abusive, or more abusive, where instead of sending handcuffs, instead of doxxing records, you instead send, "not everyone will understand you" memes. Guys. I was in the wrong. Stop doing girl politics; I might be basically autistic but you lot couldn't get laid with a grand in cash at a brothel.  

---

[It takes very little for the appeasement to begin.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDYB8wb/)  

Endlessly funny thing, is that because this is gone for so long, and because so much of it is essentially being the most rancid, mouldy, spore-ridden version of a honeypot (far beyond anything la Carré et al were capable of), but it's essentially hard to tell if this is just evidence that they are not actively trying to interfere, and so the feed is just presenting a nice version of all of the metadata ghosts.  
What I find particularly amusing, is that this is a group of mostly men, who are so obsessed with trying to work out how to do this, but could not conceive of anyone as worth anything, beyond what they looks like, that they have needlessly coded a very specific physical character into algorithmic placement and recommendation.  

I am trying to appreciate the point of view that they are coming from, which is that they fundamentally do not understand sex in terms of mutual respect; I'm sure this whole thing was probably a very confusing experience for them, so much so that some of them appear to have questioned whether or not it was actually men that they wanted.  

I'm trying to be nice. Very hard.  

---

Incidentally...  

If there was a conversation in the last 24 hours, I am only speculating based on what I'm seeing in the data...  

Suppose that conversation was about the screenshots of evidence.  

Suppose the advice was to stop doing it?  

I think that person probably meant to also stop doing all of the other bullshit you're doing, and not simply just the tampering of the rapper on different applications or indeed tampering with the metadata environment.  

This makes me somewhat suspicious, that you haven't been entirely honest, with the British delegation, about quite how much interference you have caused in our systems.  

I will not be stopping until you are honest, and until the damage is fixed, and that clearly does not stop at me; the pattern is incredibly obvious now.  

Whether or not that will be discovered tomorrow, or whether it will be something which will be only dived into depth on, in the coming years, it is very evident that it's not going to go away, and it's done a enough damage that people will not simply forget move on, partially because the data actually is so corrupted now that it's essentially like you've denatured a protein.  

So this is always going to have to be brought back up, for as long as all of the people you have impacted, have data in the system we currently use.  

So unless you want to make a brand-new Internet, completely detached and contained away from the current edition, you may have to accept that your plan to "just stop", without redress, is no longer viable.  

Those who dig a hole for others, will surely fall into it themselves.  

(Either that, or Bharat didn't know what it was getting itself into either.)  

For the avoidance of any doubt: kompromat requires complicity by its very nature.  
<!--And honestly, I think we can see that some kompromat is worse than others. It may suprise you what is possible when we build united fronts against fascist forces, and I don't feel uncomplicated about the dual-use, but I acknowledge the two sides of the thing.-->
---

(It's also just not my fault that you fucked it up. I'm not even asking you not to be racist, as much as: google maps and wikipedia are right fucking there.)  

The more I think about this the stupid it gets. If there was actually any common sense being used, it's very obvious that whoever I speak in a Hindustan language to is Punjabi, and you didn't just slightly get it wrong, but you try to impersonate someone in a linguistic direction which was 180 degrees the wrong way. How is that my problem?  

"she obviously has a thing", bro...  

The verb you search is so different that I did not completely understand what you were saying, and had to actively think about it, because that's not the dialect that I'm used to, because I am white and English.  

I'll take the criticism in my language skills, but fuck me...  

Imagine paying for someone to do this like, "sexy desi boy" translation, tokenised onto an agentic AI, and you picked the wrong language, perfectly searchable in the oublic domain.  

How can you be this good at maths, and yet also, somehow, this bad at a real life?  

No wonder you're like, "Lavender is the biggest project we've ever worked on".  

Do you not think just... not murdering these people and actually just speaking to them, might be easier?  

Apart from fixing half of the coding errors, it might also just make you feel better than doing this?  

You might, like, not actually hate them?  

Crazy talk, azoy? Sorry –  

Crazy talk, nahi?  

(Shall we talk about the meeting minutes? This gets even better for the British. I am extremely surprised at the SLAPP, if I'm honest. You can use this threat as proof that I would talk, but that would require you to be honest about what you've been doing, and the email conversations that I've had to have today, and why that is so very strange on a Sunday. Geolocation is fascinating, in particular.)  

Is this, like, uno-reverso-kompromat? I don't know. Your language, not mine.  

Oh...  

& Free The Filton 24.  

Zionism is racism, enforced and enforcing white patriarchy, and so is inherently reliant on antisemitic tropes of Jewish femininity.  

& Free Palestine.  

Would you like me to globalise an intifada, next? Which one?  
Technically I believe you still see the non-violent BDS of the First Intifada as more important than neo-Nazi arson of synagogues, so clarification on this matter would assist me.  

We are lead by weakness away from all that is holy.  

---

I'm going to start the Campaign Against Bargain Bin Mossad.  

Really honours the inspiration.  

---

What the device just did suggests that that one hurt a bit.  

Scrub the internet better next time. Ghosting all over the place.  

Google was incredibly confused, and very specifically in 2022.  

How much did you have to settle for?  

I assume from all the nasty shit I got about being a golddigging little bitch, that he has more money than you.  

And had, at the time.  

Perhaps if you might seek to lean on the legal scales a little differently, in the many ways in which you have, I might not put quite every last detail into the public domain.  

Your choice, achei.  

---

Awww, [look](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDY4233/)!  

It's like the algorithmic placement does little romantic watch parties for us so we can enjoy all your research togetherrrrrr!!  

Not gonna lie, mate, but I could have sworn you were married. Can you not do this with your lady wife, instead?  
I cannot possibly imagine why a husband in this rabbithole would be a tiresome and vapid conversation every night about how he is going to win thos time. (Am I close? I feel like this is close.)  

Anyway.  

If you could get out of my general way, this would be preferred.  

---

[All I said was that he was a legend; technically I have never said, "let's torture all the men" in a manner which could be considered out of the realms of artistry or satire.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_divorce_coercion_gang)  

Given that we are having discussions about real-world implementation of enforced marriage and rape from the Christian Zionists, I feel the risk calculus is skewed such that one suppressed female voice is unlikely to lead to global castration.  

If fucking only.  

The fear is giving, "scared of Aileen Wuornos TikTok trend, but will not take any meaningful action to prosecute rape".  

It's not useful kompromat if you basically legalise the crime by overuse.  

---

The last screenshot is really funny because the email references the same man who can't be record-poked by this actor's methods, and it's who I've been asked about in medical appointments.  

If you're legit, just go ask GCHQ. I'm sure they'd be happy to support any warranted activity.  

But you prefer SLAPPs, apparantly.  

So. What busies itself about with data subjects entering UoL Jewish chaplaincy spaces in 2011, which gets involved in British Muslim men's reputationals in 2022, and which is now active across a very soecific nexus of political targets and information fronts across the UK in 2023-2026?  

Remember: it needs some degree of weight in the UK legal system, and is fixated on the use of language as a rhetorical tool, and has a panchant for data exhaust. It's southern, monumentally does not understand the working class or the north, has some attendance at Labour Conference, but is far cozier, historically, with Reform.  

It has telecomms knowledge and access, speaking to a very BT Cellnet era knowledge at its nexus; it appears more at ease with telephone manipulation, but did have access or contacts across linked cloud systems. Previously it would appear to have impact on the data tangle of trains, on multiple occaisions. It appears to have given, or been involved in giving, poor DPA/FOIA business-end advice.  

So what could we possibly be looking at? Because it seems it might know a lot about why someone has made this demure-Jewish-lady robot, which speaks excellent Hindi, but is unconvincing as any of the diverse Punjabi diaspora who are now the parents and grandparents of professionals in the UK.  

Bonus:  

Do you proscribe any such organisation, should one be involved?  

Or regulate its activity?  

My other question os around whether you are upset at a particular login being taken back, and if that's why you've been cross recently?  

I did say all them fish just seemed too obviously like the summer; this expands reputational damage to Jewish men who are functionally Zionist.  

This suggests something is starting to collapse at its seams.  

I still have *that* email, achei.  

The one with the list.  

---

We probably also need to talk about how many people saw, "the UKLFI lady", and their first response was, "omg Chloe, its like your Zionist twin!".  

Given the kind of male attention I had online when UKLFI were more in the media circuit,  I think asking about media coaching and A/B testing is fair.  

If it didn't happen, no one should be so bothered, that they can't deny it on paper with a business header.  

So far, that has not been my experience. Quite the opposite.  

And no one can tell me what happened to the 2022 video testimony within sealed record data.  

Bring on Feb 23.  

I will likely get stonewalled. If so? Fine. You think you can take me in front of a non-Jewish judge? If not, more than happy to take it to a Beth Din.  

Either court can demand you make redress to everyone around me that has been harmed from the weaponisation of law and data access.  

---

Awwwww, bestie! [We're back to our roots!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2NbVg/)  

Do we go through these ones together, or have you been unsuperglued from the desktop yet?  

---

[Even The Cards™️ know, Zionism is a trap for Jewish women.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2hUCE/)  

I love it when the maths undermines the owner. Beautiful.  

You can't even recode the maths to not do this; this is an equalising equations problem caused by Jewish Zionist men. None of us watermelon people can help you, if you don't stop "observing" us.  

Also: well done for outing any potential sympathies in two figures of the defence establishment. I love that for you. If they were not critical of Zionism before, you habe just given them pause for thought.  

I take it we are losing the 67 generation, then?  

---

Also...  

15 years of tied up behavoural proxy and "what viewers like you also watched" data...   

My algorithm *knows* you, hun. It *knows*.  

---

My video feed now only plays positive content if I also screen-record it at the same time.  

I would ask "who hurt you", but I think we all know.  

Your internet history, babes. That's who hurt you.  

Which is ironic, really. Given everything.  

---

Screenrecordings hurt enough to delete? Then we really back to direct device level access.  

What's happening is that one video in a reem will not buffer.  

It's the most likely to be the most direct reflection of behavoural proxy with my bestie.  

Which is a shame, because it also suggests that I am great, and that my bestie is slightly perturbed about how exposed they are in this moment.  

Wat's interesting, is that it loads fine if you go into the creator profile, and go on it as if it's a video from there; with the additional interference that I've recorded and screenshotted, I think this places the interference either at an IP address level, or device, most likely = most simplest? (Help please tech people here with the popcorn. I know you are; don't be shy.)  

[What are we even trying to block here?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2JN9c/) "Oh no, she might feel generically more motivated"?  

Please. Get a life.  

(Does this also answer who sold the Duchy of Perth a made-up story that you'd "found Anastasia"? We were talking about who got the boxes. 🙃 You cannot honestly say that an English speak misinterpreted that call. Did you sell the GCHQ block as "evidence"? It's a service record for how he got out of national service drill. You're so weird.)  

---

Anyone new to the conversation who is a nerd:  

Let's not pretend learning Russian to get out of daily inspections would not also be your move.  

---

Bestoe: [too](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2MhvC/) [funny](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD26TtB/).  

Oh look: [we're back to more women who threathen your fragile sense of masculinity](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2Bn46/).  

---

[Bit "woke" for the Nazigraph, no?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2AAh4/)  

---

Back to his [fave crossover](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2UKmA/).
