Pinging between Rockefeller and BirdTok for whatever reason.  

[🧄 🧄 🧄 🧄 🧄](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRU33qo8/)  

[The media are desperate for bodies, jeez.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUTBxUC/) Robbie Gibb has caught the scent. Maybe handover some of Jimmy Savile's protectors and profiteers, yes? Full cleaning of the house. Seeing as we are so keen.  

Because it's about VAWG, and not just partisan politics, right?  

[I mean, the questions are just so leading.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUTSLHA/)  

This is why it was so reassuring to see Zack Polanski be so quick with the media.  

We really are in a world where, like in the 20s and 30s, the liberal media lacks the capacity to adequately question fascists.  

I had so much "calm down", "don't overexert yourself, after the "lobbying killed the radio star" node.  
Fascists are so silly. It's why we should laugh at them a lot more.  

Trust me. All abusers can be mocked. They are always pathetic worms, in love with any mirror they can see themselves in. No practical skills between them, and the definition of delicate if you ever mention their insecurities.  

What is Nigel's plan for Russia? Does he not care about Ukranian sovereignity? What about how he would stand up to CCP? Or is his plan mostly to slime over the pond to see his pedo bestie who looks like a satsuma farted?   

[I think the hate-reading is why I get stuff like this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUTSnYY/) Ngl, looked for pupil diameter. It's just men given a microphone. Does weird things to them.  

---

[And this is why every normal person in this country is on tenderhooks. Because we actually give a shit about our kids, yeah?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUTShF5/) Normal human behaviour.  

When Nigel Farage is silent on Epstein, and Matt Goodwin is proposing punishment for failure to breed?  

A lot of us can hear *exactly* what they are saying.  

And it doesn't protect *any* of our children.  

No pasaran. Not ever.  

---

It's also just hit why liberal media pundits don't think a man whose fists are shaking, but is choosing to hold onto a desk, is anything but weakness.  
You've never done our class's jobs.  

That wasn't a man that was nervous; that was a man who was choosing not to punch a wall.  

I'll take the men who are angry about injustice and can still contain their emotions, thanks.  

I don't think we get to find out until after the police conclude, but I hadn't realised a lot of you have not done the sort of jobs where people occaisionally want to punch you in the face.  

That is a man who is very upset and is choosing to be an adult. Honestly, that might be a bit of a turn up for the books in the UK. Usually, they remain unbothered. That's why the Truss comparison seemed weird.  

Please remember most people in your audience have a different life and occupational exposure to you, in media and policy. It explains a lot of the times the read feels "off" to us.  

You didn't really need whatever AI middleware we are stuck in; you just needed to listen to people and understand their lives.  

The whole thing is quite dehumanising for us all, really.  

---

I appreciate I said I wasn't going to share any emotional responses.  

This is an exception because it's this insulting, which quite frankly I think will still be celebrated by the person who's done it.  

Can Robert Jenrick stop making everything about him?  

We are talking about an international child sex trafficking ring with extensive financial arrangements which appear to be in the realm of money laundering and corruption, which impact all parties including his by the way, and with extensive interference in UK politics across all sides of the house, including his own party. As usual, Robert Jenrick needs to make it about him.  

Kemi wasn't wrong: the trash took itself out when Jenrick defected to Reform UK.  

why the fuck would anyone want a general election **before** Nigel Farage explains why he was so connected to Jeffrey Epstein's network?  

Is there anything that Reform UK would like to share with us?  

don't worry, I appreciate everyone thinks survivors are very fragile, I've seen the worst of the Epstein files content. I am not surprised. I've been watching a genocide live for three years (something that Mr Jenrick was also very happy to support, as was Epstein's network). I cannot be shocked anymore.  

Whoever thought traumatising the entire population was a good idea, it was a fucking idiot.  

Some of us, don't fold.  
Some of us, become even more formidable.  

---

[Interesting what the "insights" outputs, isn't it?](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0mvx74s)

---

I'm hit something in MOD/ATC London/Cranwell in 2014/5/6, and I think I know who.  

Gosh. It really is a very silly little boys' club, isn't it?  

---

The number of very silly but dangerous men I have been put in front of through my adult life is unfortunate.  

One looks at that sort of run and sometimes has to ask if my data kept getting... caught.  

Not even sure what one would call that...  

Paedo probe? Noncometer?  

The next person to comment on the "baby face" in those terms? Off the plank.  

We spend our lives being forced to toughen up, and you wonder why the only men who stand a chance of handling us are those who are prepared to face women whilst completely disarmed.  

So what do we get in the Midlands? That's a particular transfer. Why does UoN only want to release an academic record for Derby, and not give an entire SAR in compliance with the law? There's a system that they appear to be hedging around, and it appears to be administrative for 2016 to 2019, and they still can't answer twin profiles or R&D.  

---

[Before you all panic, it's not antisemitic, because most of the people who want a Likud-flavoured Israel ARE NOT ACTUALLY JEWISH.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy86nYF/)  

"The Jews just like fascists telling them what to do" NO WE DONT.  

[You just don't like us and want to control us because we like this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy88KGJ/)  

Tzedek tzedek tzdorf motherfuckers.

---

[Because the Kibbutz Boy and the Nonces' Bestie are both up the trousers of the press at all times and its a workers' party and can't buy the press.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8e9Qb/) You all know this. Sky's bosses want to hand over their harddrives?  

Dw I know they're desperate to get the Nazis in, so could just be that.  

Farage was more in bed with this lot than the PM. Ask him what he knows.  

[It's individual citizens in the demos who are doing the work on this story. You lot are barely touching it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy88YkK/)  

The cash that was around Mandelson is the same cash that is around Farage. Wake the fuck up.  

---

[Fabulous Freudian slip. Love it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8Uq1c/)  

[I'm not endorsing violence but I am saying I get the anger. Who doesn't?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyRo5R9/)  

I don't believe for a second that all of these men are genuinely shocked. I think that they are scared that this is what we will do.  

I only wish they had thought about that **before** abusing children.  

[We could make this about Russia, our fav to hate, if we really wanted to.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8mM1N/) Why are all the really far right people so quiet? This is your golden opportunity to prove to the younger generations why they should be going to war for you. Why are you so quiet?  
Is that how bad the evidence is?  

[We have working dogs who can sort these people out. It might change my mind about abolitionism?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8vt6J/)  

None of you ever have the same energy when it actually comes to protect protecting children.  

Why is that?  

[Why are you repeating segments like this?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8qKUE/)  

Does the media just not want to get rid of paedophiles?  

How many are you hiding?  

Bring them out.  

Turn them over.  

The demos does not want them protected.  

---

[About as cool as they'll ever look tbqh.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8PvFn/)

[Abd as someone with partial incontinence? It's the denial for me. It speaks to huge weakness over his bodily perception, and as a practically gold-plated nonce? I'm happy he's uncomfortable.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8a8Ls/)  

Because that's want raping children can do to us, so fuck him.  

---

[It is always the demos who does ANYTHING about paedophiles online.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8Hkph/)  


All of those tech billionaires around Trump, applauding as the Nazi takes his post on inauguration day? They all know that this is completely preventable. They all know exactly how to stop this. They all know, and they are choosing for commercial reasons, so that they can make more money even though they're all really fucking rich, do not do anything about protecting your children online.  

They are actively design designing products, which allow for child exploitation, because they are scared that they won't be quite as powerful, if they start policing paedophilia on the Internet.  

That's not a conspiracy theory. That's how information and communication systems work.  

Child sexual exploitation material could more or less come to a grinding halt tomorrow, or at least a huge majority of it, as well as the major majority of grooming online.  

They are choosing to put your children at risk.  

This is why they need regulation.  

This is why, despite doing the most to embed themselves in the current labour government, they are desperate for the former director of public prosecutions to stand down.  

And this is why, I only have time, for the more socialist ends of the labour party, and the green party, and the snp, and your party, and independents you have left labour, when it comes to saying why they should have Starmer out.  

These are the only people who deserve to have that opinion, because quite frankly, the rest of you are directly benefiting from taking that man out of office.  

Given how triggered you all are, by Starmer staying in, and how little you are asking people like Farage? I I'm voting to keep him in for now, and I didn't even vote for him in the election.  

---

My grocery run is taking an extra hour by the look of things, which is usually a good indication that the right people are uncomfortable.  

Imagine being this obsessively controlling, even when you know the game is up?  

Crazy.  

Who brought nudging into government?  

Tories.  

Who brought surveillence legislation that killed every recommendation from all the grooming reports?  

Tories.  

I could go on. That party also has some spruce-up to do.  

---

Regarding the screenshot that I've just posted, I will also at the same time get lots of tarot readings, where the centroid can't work out whether or not it's a work group or a friendship group.  

I'm going to let you all take a guess in the dark, what's going on with that one.  

Because I know exactly what's going on with that one.  

The reason that I'm posting it at the time, is because it is very very easy, for anyone who has the right knowledge and level of cyber security to be able to trace those people.  

Disproportion that Ian interested in looking at kids at Disney Land, and disproportionately interested in the take up from the girl they put in the AI middleware, on what she thinks about the current coverage and how much she's saying.  

Remember that this data, is partially data which should flag under systems which protect OSA-linked data.  

I can tell you which institutions are particularly upset when I bring this up. Because some of you are not doing due diligence to protect us from nonces.  

You know, I think once I get these groceries, I'm going to listen to their favourite man on repeat on YouTube. Just so it goes into the AI middleware and they have to start explaining to all the news desks why they can't run with that insight.  

If they flag his name on touring, as some sort of "offensive word", it leaves them open to having to disclose it if he ever raised a subject access request. You can't really get around it by saying he's a designer, because the purpose of the exclusion is very different to what would be covered under a contract.  

It also highlights in bold to anyone who's investigating from a policing point of view.  

Is this sabotage? It feels like sabotage.  

---

of course just admit to ourselves that whoever is obstructing the investigation into the records which have been misused from when I applied to the defence sick phone college, is clearly stopping any safeguarding lessons from being learned across the military and defence spaces, and who will be likely networks and entirely regarded by the arms industry in AI industries, and is probably network to politics and media.  

Your man also doesn't like Muslim guys, and has a hard on for DARPA.  

It doesn't take a genius to work out that this man's name is going to be redacted from anything in the public domain.  

but I can tell you who it's gonna likely benefit to look into, which is probably also who knows him, and who thought he was reliable.  

I said, I was happy to keep and support the Prime Minister *for now*, dependent on outcomes.  

what I have said isn't weak.  

What I have continually said, is essentially the Keir Starmer needs to sacrifice people who might be some of his best confidentes right now.  

If I was a pedeo 10 years ago, I would probably also want that man under my influence, and I would probably also utilise his skills and knowledge to protect myself.  

I'm not looking at any particular man, because I can already think of several that are in the public domain.  

Asking a man, to essentially clear house against some of the men have been his closest contact for 10 years, and to do it not for King & Country, but for every child and every survivor?  

when I said I supported keeping the Prime Minister in office, it wasn't because I felt kind. It was because he might be the one person in the country who has the capacity, albeit at great expense and potentially to the risk of his life, to end what he started.  

Because he did start putting these pieces together, just before he was taken away from the CPS.  

Was moved onto the labour party for leadership prospects, exactly the time that he would've been able not to take Jimmy Savile down, but also to see two of the largest grooming networks in the country in full.  

They were not made up entirely, or even prodominantly, of brown men.  

they involve all three of the major parties from 10 years ago.  

That means they are going to be people across the political spectrum who have some degree of negligence if not anything more, in protecting children.  

I didn't say "keep him in office" because I wanted him to have an easy life.  

I said "keep him in office" so that we might actually get this shit done.  
Two of his biggest hurdles are currently out of the way.  

14 years of conservative party rule needs to start handing over details; many of the legal changes brought in during this time facilitated grooming networks in this country, made their lives easier, made it harder to detect them, and in many cases actively probably added a victims to their lists.  

Liberal Democrats: you have some local party counsellor who need questions put to them.  

Reform UK are really fucking quiet right now.  

Does Matt not want children protected? I thought he was really into this shit. What about Robert Jenrick wasn't he really pro defending our children? Where's Tommy Robinson? I thought this was his whole idea was to protect women and children.  

Your silence is screaming across the moors, gentlemen.  

Farage was in the financial network, and he **begged** for Zia to come back once the latter left, for pretty understandable reasons by the way, presumably because he knows too much?  
it's probably why you look so done with life whenever he has to answer questions that are clearly ridiculous, where the party is clearly in the wrong, you can just imagine the phrase "mate, this is not even the worst of it" passing through his head.  

But you know, this is all entirely speculative.  

I'm sure all of these men would completely and robustly endorse a grooming inquiry across all of policy and politics, if they were asked. I'm sure that they would comply completely with a police investigation if it touched their circles at all. I'm absolutely sure that they would, because they have told us for so long that they want to protect women and girls in the UK. So they will do whatever it takes, because that's what they were going to do. They told us that they would go to all these very extreme positions, because it would protect women and girls.  

So it's a done deal.  

The new UKIP, also said the same. Surely it's a Christian values to protect women and girls? I'm sure that's the only reason that they marched on Whitehall. They have told us time and time again, but they are the man who will protect us.  

I am a British woman. Protect me.  

All of those Nazis who trained their little fight clubs, I'm sure they will protect me from the rich white man. They've all been beefing each other up and whatever else they do to each other, for a number of years now. MI5 I assume has has been watching them to make sure they're okay.  

What was it that podcast I said the other day, that if they gave the signal they'd have 20,000 men? Ready to defend our country? Great. I need you to defend me and my country and the women and girls in this country, regardless of what their skin looks like, from rich white men.  

Will you defend us?  

Or would we all rather shut the fuck up, and let the previous head of the CPS do his fucking job?  

[This reminds me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy8TX99/)  

J K Rowling et al, you all also said that you were really bothered about the right of women and girls to get changed in places, without any risk to them. You have spent a lot of money on this, and taking a lot of hits, and put a lot of time and effort into this. You'll defend us won't you? You will stand up to these men for us, will you not?  

There are so many people who said that they will stand by women and girls and stand against the causes of violence to women and girls.  

A bunch of paedophiles and their associates or a very clear risk to women and girls: you all fight this battle for us, won't you?  

Finally something that the right wing and I can agree on, is that women and girls need protection from nasty men who are holders of disproportionate power in the world.  

I can't wait to see you all act in the common interests of children and women in this country.  

I can't wait to see the grooming gangs that have been part of our establishment in this country for so long, brought to justice.  

I am so glad that you're here on our team.  

United front, and all that.  

---

Sigh. You ask them to help **once**...  

---

Which parties have bot farms of that size and benefit from a hyperindividualised West, with a massive nonce in the White House, and a media ignoring a genocide?  

Likud is a Russian asset; change my mind.  

Am I really the only one who thinks Vlad is a bit "meh"?  

Are the actions a problem? Yes. Is he actyally scary as a person? Idk I just think he's a bit slimy.  

["Jeffy! Tell me what to do!"](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyNYt3r/) But if we have to get them all like Capone, fine.  

[I am fine with active pressure existing, only from those who have been consistent.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyLWuoW/)  

I will require more action across both sides of the house.  

---

[Github today.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyN6DGr/)

["But...snacks?"](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyL381H/)  

[You do all know how direct the connection is, don't you?](https://dossier.center/jeffreyepsteinrusconnect-en/)  

You don't need to be a witting or knowing spy to be a Russian asset. You just need to give up something useful to access something you'd rather not be know for back home.  

Western men are currently the West's biggest defence liability; we need you to take out the trash, if you actually fear Russian infiltration.  

Stop getting in a tizz about the former DPP, and take out the most obvious liabilities of the last three decades.  

Defend the realm, and tell the silly little bear to scoot on back to Moscow.  

A man who "crowns" a mistress like a Tsarina? Please. He's pathetic. Kick him back.  

Don't get me started about that horse photo, or the judo tape. Plastic masculinity. Brittle ego, shatters like glass.  

[It only takes one silly goose.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyNmdQE/)  

---

[Who was leading on domestic and international intelligence at this time?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyN5sVP/) Why was this never flagged as the risk that it so clearly was? These financial details that were covering, are all actions which are against British interests and against the Realm. Why was no one aware? Or were they aware, and if so was it appropriately escalated? Were there people who decided not to pursue action actions against the same people? If so, why?  

These are huge areas of governance failure.  

Who failed to act?  

Would the blue party like to explain how 14 years in office, under a load of additional legislation about intelligence and counterterrorism, was essentially wasted as far as all of this went?  

Oh wait.  

The guys who fucked the country were white.  

Ah. My bad.  

Give them all a pension and a house.  

---
