Current working diagnosis:  

The algorithmic weighting on this side altered significantly after the book was released; ? n = 2, most likely area of crossover is in Sheffield-Nottingham academic space, specifically utilises the MOD flags.  
Highly likely to involve AI labratories. Highly likely to be in traditional red wall territory due to specific funds defence. Likely to be dual-use, advertised only for civilian purpose, before ? taken into PREVENT or otherwise.  
Highly likely to have been approved under COVID emergency powers and compression of R&D seen to assist pandemic management.  
Defence can be as embarrassed as they like, but this is now being actively engineered for alt right gain; immediate threat containment not complete. Defence is likely mostly just embarrassed that this relates to particular digital issues which now do have coverage... unless they are under the impression, from another department or organisation, that this is being contained locally. It isn't.  
Approval and ownership will live across complex pathway, with different signatories in different information silos. Cabinet likely only to have generic approval, but staffing and Ministers over last 6 years likely to be aware, may need prompting. Both profiles poisoned over time, will impact discoverability of trace.  
R&D likely to impact both digital identities due to frequency of utilisation within research.  
Easiest way to find the digital product would be to locate local human ethics and safeguarding override projects, therefore, quickest route is to review local academic ethics boards' governance papers.  
In the Midlands, these are, *alledgedly*, routinely denied under FOIA, citing "impacts to academic freedoms".  
But that's where this sign-off most likely lives, and it's still installed in whatever middleware the BBC is using for tone and sentiment, and it's potentually what is influencing the current Labour Cabinet to u-turn every 5 mins.  
It is living in policy spaces.  
This digital product is basing a significant amount of the national mood thermostat on an n-number of potentially only 2.  
And both individuals have been targeted via external means, so... yes. Adversaries are aware of its presence.  
In both cases, entire network to each individual over time is high-risk for data interference, to increase stress on the product. Because the product is dynamically modelling actual humans that exist.  
It has not been fully contained; summer activity did not "fix", just one fire extinguisher against a chip fire.  
Which also suggests that there is knowledge of the issue, which is not being shared with appropriate channels to escalate the issue, and this is local to RIPA/IPA powers in the Midlands, who coexisted with national emergency response.  

GCHQ like, "🍿🍿🍿 fucking civilians... *again*".  

Someone is choosing not to escalate to MI5; unclear if HOM aware or not.  

That's my theory. And that's why if one were Keir Starmer, one would probably wish to fix it.  

This is great, because wor DPP knows every data miner in the system, so he just needs to get his mate Alex Karp on the phone, then job's a guddin.  

#BritishBeaurocracy so quick tho.  

Also, every institution is stonewalling, because legal exposure is huge, but this is literally digging us deeper into a national security issue, because no one wants to admit that yes, there is a problem, it is *here*, and we can address it.  

I keep getting weird content dissuading from sending an FOI/reach out that I've partially drafted, so I'm going to guess that the other side of the product does know what the data product *is*.  

So thanks, guys: I will go and do the equivilent of slipping on a banana peel in front of more people shortly, and *you could still just escalate the damn thing*.  

I told you guys: my brain just operates differentiy after eruv Shabbos kicks in.  

Magic, innit.  

---

[(Burn it all.)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMPS4u/)  

I know what the "what looks like a 6 month SLAPP" is. It's a review IPA held nationally. Anyone in the local region, being encouraged to give final responses prior to the date it would require review, is potentially being purposefully led to share some of the legal culpability.  

Fun times.  

---

[This is beautiful.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMAjMo/)  

---

[TW for this one.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMPfmU/) There is a way to balance the conversation around "yes this happens", and "in the wild, you can get killed within social groupings for demonstrating this behaviour, because disguist and outrage is even more normal". I can be compassionate because an offender has compulsive thoughts - this does not mean I am required to excuse their offending. Forensic psychology and psychiatry is the best source of knowledge for this, and it's wild that no one has invited them to talk about the issue. Did we learn nothing from the Johnson-Hancock clusterfuck that was "national COVID messaging"?  

Of course we didn't; we thought LLMs were the answer to human connection.  

---

I am also very aware, and have been for some time, that in essence I am likely being mined for "survivor voice" in Epstein files-UK crossover fallout.  

It is what it is. I cannot wait to be free.  

And bask: 🦎  

---

Device level interference requiring system reboot.  

Blocking app load, cancelling processes to fail screen recordings, now a login to my old university account.  

Losing access in this way has additional risks: single and live independantly as physically disabled woman. Previous racialised criminal damage to address; address leaked. No UK provision to protect as a Jewish woman from alt right parties. Child rape case already doxxed, already deepfaked, already survivor of grok.  

What's the point of a surveillance state, if you dumbfucks can't prevent this? You told us all that this was the point.  

---

There's a particular niche of content I'm being reshown so many times, that I'm now geolocating to a village on a tricounty border.  

I don't know what the point is.  

Please can whoever is doing this, buggar off.  

---

[I don't understand, why you guys can't understand, why your favourite Jewish rape survivor might feel more in tune with Palestinian men, than you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMKcn7/)  

---

[Istg this dog is responsible for at least three stands of the thread I am holding onto rn.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMc59w/)  

---

[Imani is always so intellectually ahead on critical media consumption, and honestly this is where I've been at with Labour for a number of years, now.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfMp3ow/) You're still not acting the way I would need a party to act to protect from fascism, and no offence: you can be touching lots of issues that are supposed to "win" me, but anyone who wants my material support needs to be speaking from an antifascist praxis.  

For me, the closest I have is the Greens as a party, with MP representation spread across several parties on the Westminster spectrum.  

I am voting to not go Nazi; this is literally my chief concern, and it's the seed point of basically all of my politics.  

---

[FINALLY. Back to the important content.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfrd8Ep/)  

It would be easy to look at a lot of people in different professions, who are supposed to operate "high-level", and wonder why a lot of their Internet use is stuff like this.  

I mean, you can call us airheads if you want, but mostly we are regulating our own nervous systems.  

I can tolerate talking about genocide and rape and child sexual exploitation and fascism, mostly because I watch a lot of baby goats bouncing around on the Internet.  

Dictation is back with the goats; thank you GCHQ, for being at minimum a spectre to haunt the minds of the alt right weirdos who fuck with my phone on the regular.  

---

[I miss the days where the scandal would be an affair... but then this would still go on then, just unacknowledged.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfBTDfy/)  

This is why efforts to reduce the "spread" of MeToo and BLM, "for stability", were utter nonsense ideas.  

Release the unredacted files, disclosing the nature of arrangements and planning of British political and media strategy, which appear to have been active discussions Epstein was having with senior political figures across the board, up until his death.  
We need to know the extent of the corruption in the UK government.  

There are PMs, Cabinet Ministers, Senior Advisors, all in those files accessible today.  

Why are none of the parties pushing for this full disclosure?  

How far does the rot go?  

And you know how rot in the timber gets fixed?  

Sometimes we have to pare it out, and fix what has been eaten by years of neglect.  

I have no idea why Labour would be hesitating to use this line... unless the rot is really that bad.  

---

[Is there not a medal that Gisèle Pelicot could receive?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfS4DwW/) Too much for the men?  

---

[One would think.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfSaBnp/)  

FYI when you refuse to openly discuss a matter of very obvious interest to many people, about a Jewish man who was also a prolific child sex offender, guess who you make life harder for?  

You guessed it. Diaspora Jews.  

You do realise that all I've been asked about in the last three years is the rape of Jewish women, the impending risk of a Holocaust, and now there is this genuine interest over the lack of consistency in the media about Jeffrey Epstein's relationship with the State of Israel.  

It's almost if you never gave a fuck about the potential victims and survivors; it's almost like you just didn't really respect the lives of Palestinian people.  

Refusing to address the risk of genocide, because it is personally somewhat inconvenient to you, needs addressing, way before you ever think to yourselves "how could Germans possibly allow the Nazi Holocaust happen?".  

Because it was inconvenient to challenge a genocide. You have your answer.  

---

Furthermore:  

[Francesca Albanese is a bigger ally to Jewish people, than many government leaders claiming to act in our interests as Jews.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfSkbBq/)  

The State of Israel calls itself the Jewish state and as such in the eyes of the entire world it is often representing us, whether it wants to, whether we want it to... this is just the way it is.  

Very few people hold accountability to that state, and as a result, the genocide which is currently happening to Palestinians as a escalation of a long process, which generally a lot of the world was very ignorant and/or misinformed about, prior to 2023, lacks sufficient establishmemt soft power to challenge the genocodal process.  

This increases the liklihood that other states will seek to use military means to arrest the genocidal violence, which historically tends to morph into region-wide, if not international, warfare. Cf. the most obvious example that we are all thinking of, but that we have, in a twisted inversion of trauma-focused practice, coded as inherently unspeakable.  

(This is not actially helpful to many survivors; trauma should be able to be spoken about on the terms of those surviving violence.)  

By holding accountability to any party, although primarily to that state (due to geographical location and the nature of the unlawful and militarised occupation of the territories belonging to the Palestinian people), when other sources of accountability and oversight have failed, is not anti-Jewish. Rather, by recognising the need to take responsibility and accountability for our actions, Francesca Albanese is one of the few people in the world prepared to see us as full humans, full adults, and prepared to hold us to account; to put it bluntly, Francesca Albanese is one of the few people in the world, who is holding an office of a note, who is therefore able to exercise that office in order to call out the harms of the occupation and the harms of genocide, where Jewish people are the primary perpetrators, and by holding us accountable and by demanding responsibility within the structure of the United Nations, and upon international humanitarian law, without moving the goal posts on expectations simply because we are Jews, she is one of the few people in the Western governance structure, who is actually treating us as full humans.  

I will try and write this more succinctly, but to be very clear, when someone respects you enough to say, "this thing that you're doing is really wrong", that person respects you a lot more than the person who smiles to your face but thinks it in their head.  

Accountability is not antisemitism.  

Allowing us to go down in history as the butchers of Palestine? That usually does involve some amount of you being philosemitic, and therefore, antisemitic.  

It's either that or you are so scared that how you are going to tell us that we are in the wrong, or that we need to stop, is inherently going to be antisemitic. If that's your concern, then your job is to fix the fact that sometimes you say antisemitic shit, because apparently that is the one barrier standing between you and calling out a genocide.  

If I'm being absolutely honest, and I know some people will disagree because of the potential impacts of this, so don't take this as you can do what you want (remember that I get watched and read by the alt right; let's not give too many inches whether they don't need to be given):  

I would always rather your first concern was to call out violence, and particularly to call out actions that you believe constituted genocide.  

If you then found that one of your hesitations, or some feedback to you, was that you had in some way engaged in antisemitic language, what I would then want you to do is talk to Jewish people who are ready to have that conversation, to talk about whether or not the thing you said was racist, and if it was how to address that.  

I would not want you to stop calling out the genocide that is happening to someone else, in this case to Palestinians, simply because you are worried you might say it wrong.  

You have all the time in the world to look that up, and a number of Jewish content creators have given so much advice, so much free content, over the course of the last three years, and we've done that to try and empower you to do what you need to do as a human being, and call a genocide what the fuck it is.  

If the underlying problem is that you do not respect human life enough to call it out, just say that, but if that is the case, you will lose the right to complain about a significant number of problems that you probably care about at home.  

The apartheid state and the military occupation are run for the benefit of the billionaire class of the western world; the reason that the apartheid is in place, and that the west does not want to give it up, is because using that extreme disparity in rights and extreme disparity in legal privileges, allows a testing environment for surveillance technology, it allows a "sitting duck" population for the test of arms and other forms of defence technology, and so it acts as a place where human rights can be breached, and it is ordinarily hidden under the phrase, "it is complicated".  

There is absolutely nothing complicated about the idea of, in the example of Gaza (which is a City plus the surrounding district in the north, on the Mediterranean Sea), fencing in that piece of land with a really big wall and with soldiers who will shoot you on sight, and then because of the actions of a small number of people from where you are, turning off your electricity, your food, your water supply, intermittently turn off communications, and then essentially carpet bomb the area. There is nothing complicated to understand about the idea of rolling in 2 million humans into one piece of land, denying adequate supplies in, not letting anyone out, and then routinely conducting offensive military operations, targeting that small area.  

After you have essentially bulldozed those people's homeland (and by the way these people are already refugees from a different genocide period, about 70 years ago, that your military also moved and said that they would eventually get to go back home), there is nothing complicated about forcing, coercing, offering to pay, threatening, attempting to starve out, those people from that land, so that they are forcibly displaced to a different land. None of that is complicated.  


This is not to say that there is nothing complex about Palestinian life, rather it is to say that hiding behind the supposed complexity of whether or not it is okay to induce the circumstances which favour the deaths of individuals so widely that it is likely to eradicate an entire human population, is not acceptable as an excuse for genocide, and the longer we tolerate this, the worse we can expect to be treated at home.  

If you want justice for Epstein's victims, you need to prosecute crimes against humanity across the board, and something that you will learn very quickly when you look into those files, is that there are a lot of names which appear in those files which appear in the companies who are benefiting and profiting the most from an apartheid, and is anyone surprised?  

If you are prepared to do horrible things to humans in one area of your life, it does suggest that you have a cognitive setting that allows you to do horrible things to humans in other areas of life as well.  

The Epstein lobby covers a number of different areas, but it absolutely does include financing and supporting the research and development, which occurs specifically because of how the apartheid and the occupation are conducted.  

Given how much sexual violence in the west is lacking progress specifically because of the Epstein files, I would like to invite you to do the little jump on the leap of faith to think whether it is possible that oppression can look very different and take very different forms, but due to the nature of the people who oppress you, all oppressions are connected.  

Which may, incidentally, bring us to ask why the claims of rape of then deceased Jewish women, where the named perpetrators were uncontactable Palestinian men, were spoken about with some vigour that it was almost like listening to a dark fantasy of many of those who repeated this narrative justification, for what are explicitly crimes against humanity.  

FYI If anyone rapes and murders me, then uses that to conduct their oen war crimes? I am coming back not simply to haunt you: I will be bringing an army of our dead ancestors to beat your ass.  

None of this makes sexual violence in warfare "okay", but it has been higely damaging to the public understanding of the co-occurance of rape in war, and has damaged protections for these acts specifically.  

---

["They investigate themselves, and it turns out that they're not guilty. Hey, hey – Daloy Polizei! It means the same thing now as yesterday."](https://www.newarab.com/news/israel-closes-dozens-war-crimes-cases-over-fears-icj-probe)  

[Can inquests into unlawful deaths in custody be "abused" by a Court? Even the JP is struggling to suck the regieme's balls with this one.](https://www.jpost.com/arab-israeli-conflict/article-885991) "Publication of the details of the case closures was extensively delayed by fears that the International Court of Justice (ICJ) and the International Criminal Court (ICC) would abuse such information in their politicized anti-Israel agendas."  

I mean... it tells you something quite profound if, legally, it is felt to be more likely to benefit the SoI's case to explain absence, than to have to explain what is possible in findings.  

Which itself is giving, "we know exactly what this looks like".  

---

The great DARVO of the "HSN knitting circle is infiltrating the West": complain about the legal loopholes which *all actors* seeking to financially effect support for foreign parties use, including your own organisations.  

Every time someone proposes a "no foreign funding in politics" law, and every time that someone complains about what they will term "charities" misusing funds to support foreign agents, this is pretty much always under the name of an organisation which does exactly that.  

For reference, because I think sometimes those in that environment struggle with this idea, "foreign" is a neutral descriptor in their sense, and is not actually good or bad in itself, but the fact that you don't give any reference to the fact that the same structures are used for your own funding, that to me is a massive red flag, there.  

It's giving: "Ban shell companies, but not when we do it."  

These are not systems and cycles which you can easily separate in terms of how they will be used, to the fact that you legalise the operations of that business model, will legalise it for people that you don't want it to be legalised for, and responding as if there should be this nuanced argument about how it's de facto wrong when someone else does it, is confusing and doesn't make sense to the general public.  

The overuse of the word "terrorism" in the last few years has been really telling, in this regard: you cannot simply rely on a word being emotive, when you overuse it to the point that it no longer carries the weight that it should.  

In fact, doing so essentially undermine every counter-violent extremism conversation because you have effectively made the word "terrorist" mean nothing.  

In a somewhat related note, it has just occurred to me, how deeply ironic it is that so often it is to complain about the "hard left" and yet at the same time call these people snowflakes.  

Am I geet hard like, or am I hysterical in my feelings and unable to reason?  

(Or is that just a little accidental projection?)  

---

[The Telegraph appears to be having a mental reshuffle, and I don't hate it.](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2026/02/13/jewish-judge-in-favour-palestine-action-victoria-sharp-uk/)  

Because I am always desperate to look for a silver lining to anything, the one thing that I can say about this deeply authoritarian challenge to civil liberties, is that now that we are starting to wake up out of the stupor, there are a number of voices and outlets that I would not necessarily expect to take a sensible line, who are actually starting to take a significantly less biased approach than previously.  

This is particularly positive for me as I do quite like the telegraph and the times crosswords, but both papers have annoyed me significantly in the last decade; the moment you shit on doctors, I'm out. I might occasionally still buy one of the compendium books just to manage my cravings, but that's about it.  

I think for the telegraph that article is actually quite good at representing more than just one side of the story, although as many people will be aware, there is a lot more that could be said about how these cases have been dealt with.  

I'm not averse to the fact that in general, the wider discussion of how much this is impacted our country – that is, the politicisation of following an international legal system that we ourselves were instrumental in the creation of – will be done to a far higher standard by people who have far more to say on the matter than I do, and are far more knowledgable on the matter than I am, in the years to come. There is a certain amount of requiring the space to reflect, that we need as a country.  

In the meantime, it is simply not a sane position to say that what is currently happening in the territory historically referred to as Palestine, which if not claimed by the State of Israel is still under the military occupation of that state, is not high risk for being a genocide, or is not high risk for being in a apartheid; it is simply not a pedestrian point of view, to dismiss outright at this stage, the need to enforce the protections which are part of the ICJ court orders. This would be a kin to refusing to comply with the conditions of a non-contact order; even if the case is unfounded, and is due to be tested in the future, refusing to police and enforce the order, is not a neutral position but requires you to actively undermine and disbelieve the need of the party for whom that order isn't intended to protect. These situations are actually very common in safeguarding of children and adults, and often just rely on switching someone's shifts or duties or sign offs, albeit sometimes on a very temporary basis. Our relationship with power needs an update. Our understanding of how power translates through systems needs an update.  

I am also somewhat tired of the depth of passion that people feel towards the state which calls itself after a very holy name in our religion, somewhat obstructing their ability to see what the regime that currently rules that state is: Likud is not a centrist party. Its natural allies are alt right parties, and its leadership has frequently shared stages with Holocaust deniers. The degree to which an apparently moderate political establishment, or an apparently sensible political establishment, have tried to present this as neutral is astounding to me. Instead of being seen as a story within its own right, the story of that legal entity gets flattened into British categorisation boxes, and in doing so absolutely fails to identify anything at all about the Israeli political system. This flattening is in itself evidence of the spectacular non-interest which is held in this country, when it comes to understanding Jewish culture, Jewish life, or Jewish history. The pathological need to always put Jews into a certain (and inherently racialised) charactature of being somewhat particularly pure or particularly holy, endorses the trope which unfortunately is exemplified in the very word which has been chosen to discuss the Shoah: the word, "Holocaust", is not a neutral word. The word refers to a burnt offering, something sacrificial, something given up as a blood sacrifice to divinity, for the benefit of the people performing or witnessing it. I'm not one of those people who polices language for the sake of policing it, and I often use the word myself because it's what everyone understands and knows, and in particular the word Shoah is often inadequate because it seems to be used commonly to refer only to the Jewish victims and survivors, rather than the entirety of everyone who was a victim or who survived that catastrophe.  

I don't want to be your burned offering for the gods; I want to be seen as a member of the wider community and society, fully human and fully autonomous. I'm also not great with heat, so I don't really feel like the sacrifice thing is for me.  

Furthermore, when people who are not Jewish profess great passion for a state I can go to which is not here, and yet have no apparent understanding of the dynamics of the politics in that place, this just doesn't feel like you are neutral to me. It feels an awful lot like your racism that allows you to believe that I should go "back" to the Middle East is far more important, than your actual ability to listen to me say, "hey, I'm British, and what that state is doing right now contradicts my Jewish values and my British values".  

I'm not one of these people who's going to go around calling you an antisemite for fun. Firstly, I only ever do that to my best friends, in a relationship where I expect the charge to be honoured as best as it can be. (Because apparently we all do have a very British sense of humour, regardless of your inability to see us as fullly British.) I am interested in picking around the conversation that we have around antisemitism, as one form of racism, particularly as it sits in this area where we often don't think we have any work to do on it, and often get very distracted by politicised versions of what these words mean and what it would mean to actually have respect for Jewish people.  

I would always rather that you fucked up to my face, and that we can have a conversation about it, rather than you go on a whole tirade politically, believing that you understand exactly who I am, when you have not listened to a thing that I have said.  

In this regard, I am very personally thankful, perhaps rather selfishly so, that we are actually starting to have the conversation around our utilisation of rhetoric in this area to further the very particular business and material interests of a very small crowd of people of mixed identities, which have in the course of their campaign to preserve a deregulated market and a human rights black spot, flattened and politicised Jewish identity, to the extent that antifascist British Jews are amongst those who have been disproportionately punished for attempting to hold accountability and compliance with the law, in respect to ICJ orders.  

I am thankful that we are, or are at least slowly, waking up to and actioning the impending threat of the alt right, and are finally appreciating that it is possible to state that you are acting in a manner which honours freedom and equality, whilst acting in a manner which is highly contrary to those values.  

It is nice that we are starting to be able to converse again; to be frank, I feel Reform UK is more dangerous in regard to the protection of British Jewish women from the crime of rape, than Hamas.  

This is chiefly because of their actual risk to women in the UK, and in particular the additional danger of adding racism to misogyny.  

If you wish to argue past behaviour, the organisation has now accumulated quite a list of personalities with prior histories of VAWG, including SV, and they are far more influential on men in the UK than Hamas is; given that this is my country of residence, and Hamas are not resident here, support for Reform UK as an organisation is inherently more of a concern for me in regard to protection from sexual violence, and causes me to feel far more profound a sense of terror and distress, than anyone professing an opinion about Hamas.  

This may not be the case for dual citizenship holders or for Israeli Jewish women resident in the UK; recognising that plurality, is part of what was intended, by discrimination prevention legislation and PSED and similar instruments.  

I would move further to say that any organisation who is criticising the BBC because of the coverage overseas alone, but is not seeking to criticise the BBC for platforming this particular homegrown political organisation, is deeply disingenuous, if it is professing to represent the feelings of British Jews as a whole, or protection of British Jewish women as a whole.  

---

Sometimes I do wonder, quite how much this voice capture product had to have been politically skewed, whilst illegitimately using the characteristics which make up my own personal voice, if there was still so much frustration that it wasn't harsh enough towards Palestinian men, that it was deemed by at least one party, to be necessary to interfere with the data subject which it was dynamically modelling from, directly.  

Do not make a Drag Hitler Robot using my vocal likeness, kindly. I find this a little offensive.  

---

[I will take this as a Valentine's offering, however.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfPPqv5/)  

One of my proudest achievements so far in the project of trying to allow the relevant authorities to recognise that my voice is being misused, is to pick up on Larry the Cat so much, that it now registers this topic as such a necessity through sentiment analysis, for the British public to know the activities of such a cat.  

The man costs something silly like £100 a year and deals with a huge amount of the pest control problem of a large central London address. What more could you ask for, in a man?  

Highly appropriate for Valentine's, therefore.  

For the policy chaps who don't like cats, here's what you can do to get something out of this story:  

There are less than a handful of key opinions about things which are nothing to do with Larry per se, which are repeated throughout the comments on that post, but they are coded into British humour.  

The British public are telling you exactly what their problems are, and they are giving you the recipe to getting re-elected.  

They have done it through how they have responded to the feline at Downing Street, and for this reason, I really do feel like Larry needs extra additional treats this month, even after the birthday treats.  

We do not need more AI tools for political sentiment, what we need are more updates about the Chief Mouser, and people will tell you exactly what the fuck they think about government.  
It's just that British English is quite an indirect language, much as for example Japanese is quite indirect, so those opinions will be coded into what they say about the cat.  

No one actually needs to microniche, if what we actually do, is to do the job of government; the degree of statistical analysis strongly suggests that what we are doing is covering for lack, and focusing our resources (including time and money) onto addressing an "image problem", and not addressing the fundamental issues which are often actually cheaper to fix.  

AI is a very useful tool, but we also do not need to put it into *everything*.  

Prudent use of research and development resource, paves the way for what we really need in life: hoverboards.  

---

[I won't lie, I'm still stuck on the idea of Farage ever going any further east into East London than the posh bit of Mile End.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfPUsoT/)  

I guess Brick Lane and Aldgate East are more central, and he may have passed them on the way to other places... maybe that's what bothers him.  

How many times a day do you think he thinks about a black guy beating him up? How much do you think he kind of secretly enjoys the thought? ("How much is too much?")  

Like bro, you are the only one who's this pressed.  

---

[This is a very underdiscussed, and useful, point.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfPyGeV/)  

There appears to be a general ignorance that if we speak in different ways, it means that we lack the ability to code switch into a high level of modern standardised versions of English, when this is the best way for us to communicate. This comes up most aggressively and derisively for people who are speaking in dialects which include a creole, but if the white working class want to understand who is on their side in terms of actual changes and how they are treated in wider society, it also does have a lot of overlap with the way in which you're treated when you speak in a regional accent.  

If we allow ourselves to be a little flexible on class identity in this country for a second, and a little flexible about what we already know and we already understand about white supremacy and patriarchy, what does seem to be lacking in understanding from a lot of men who see themselves as working class or having come from working class backgrounds (regardless of their income now), and who are white men, is the understanding that, in comparison to elite white men, you are still not "full" white men. The way in which we discuss whiteness is a lot to do with how racialisation happens, and how categorisation by ethnicity happens, but it's also about being closest to the root power that gets to be yielded in our society over people, on the basis of their identity in relation to that power.  

Put simply, occasionally, the fact that you speak in an accent which is not "Queen's English", does occasionally exclude you from "whiteness".  

You are coded as "outside of", and therefore seen as "foreign to", the political power which is invested in Whitehall.  

For the same reason, the more that racialised rhetoric about excluding people on the basis of immigration is used, the more that actually undermines white men who see themselves as, or who are seen as working class, or seen as coming from a working class background. This is because you are seen as outsiders coming into a system, and if you make everything *that much* about borders and *that much* about who deserves to be here, then the inside of that crowd will contract, and will be even more likely to exclude you.  

White working class man are not liberated by fascist logics, you are merely *controlled*, by being given control over other people.  

If you want to take that route, be my fucking guest, but remember: I'm the "hard left", and I therefore do support a praxis which acknowledges that sometimes, it is not only acceptable, but necessary, to punch Nazis.  

If you want to come to the Dark Side: yes, we do have cookies; I'm still not sure if the cake is a lie; but you will occasionally be told you're being a dick and expected to be able to self reflect on that.  

Yeah, I know, it sucks. But also freedom is pretty nice.  


---

[Hello. I am filing my request for ONE (x1) Emotional Support Mossad Agent, please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5Rdne/)  

To be clear: (It is a joke, dears.) I'm not saying that the lawmaker is saying that it is allowed. What is happening in this video, is that a lot of these people are clearly only becoming aware of this potential issue for the very first time, and you're seeing different levels of cognitive response, which is layered to protect against having to emotionally process the seriousness of this as a possibility, all in one go. this is actually why swift process in justice is really important, because the longer you give people to find out in other ways, you get used to never seeing this response, and so this response looks disingenuous. These responses are actually pretty telling, that these people are genuinely to some degree surprised, or at least, don't appear to have open knowledge.  

Swift investigation means that when you interview suspects and witnesses, you can start seeing that type of emotional response that we're seeing here, versus more curated emotional responses, which is where you start seeing law enforcement law investigation being able to use their own critical thinking skills acquired over a duration of service.  

This is why investing in policing, if that's what you want to do, does not look like investing in AI so much as it looks like giving people through whichever tools that is achieved, the ability to have the cognitive processing capacity to be able to do investigations like this. You can only really achieve that, when the policing has good work life balance.  

That also social alternatives to policing, and I'm not necessarily saying that this is my argument for abolitionism, but you can see why people would say that evolutionism is a good thing, when you see the amount of stress and pressure that policing is pushed to, that we inherently trained out of police officers the ability to provide humane responses and be able to safeguard appropriately within even their own workforce, and that include cases of things like corruption.  

Strong culture and strong values are needed for strong whistleblowers, which are needed for strong transparency, strong accountability, and strong service.  

I did also think of my head whether I should start ranking prime minister's of this country over the last 20 years, using an index of how likely or how unlikely they would be an asset to a foreign intelligence agency; there is a lot of satire that can be done on this, and I also want to be able to use examples like this is teaching examples for critical thinking and for being able to think through problems like this that we see when power has been unchallenged and deeply embedded, and where even the people who thought they had control of a criminal network, can actually be played by other parties due to their capacity within that network, and I'm not even talking about Epstein. I am talking about Mossad and the CIA; when you start working with criminal networks, you open yourself up to infiltration from other parties, including other state parties. In a digital world, this can be done by those outside parties using digital means to influence your own actions and own judgement.  

It's just nudges all the way down.  

So... how is British intellengence, "greatest in the world", feeling today?  

Clean house.  

---

[A useful round discission on the role of assimilation and tokenisation in the Labour Party, and how this captures MPs who were previously strong community advocates.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5ehwt/)  

Dulling the shine of stong candidates is sort of de rigour in that party now, for no clear beneficial reason, and it further exposuse the party to risk beyond any clear benefit.  

Idk at this point Labour just looks like it's auto-infiltrating.  

[AW, HELL NO.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfPbe8m/)  
Okay, so because it's a lot easier for me to speak to antisemitism in particular as a Jewish woman, this is a lot easier for me to point out and absolutely say like this is fucked up.  

This video is one big microaggression, which is one of the most dangerous stereotypes which is in itself against the IHRA, which is what all of those men who are not Jewish in Labour claim to support and uphold.  

I don't know who is still chattering away in the ear of Keir Starmer, or indeed whether we just need to consider at this point that he is himself a Likud asset, but this is deeply inappropriate and it is deeply anti-Jewish.  

I don't give a fuck if his wife is Jewish, that doesn't excuse him. I don't know what it is about having a partner of a different ethnicity, but whenever I've done this, it has made more aware of the things that are hurtful to them – it hasn't made me more racist, and it definitely hasn't put me in a position where I think that I can't be accused of racism, because I'm still somebody who grew up in a racist world, where I did not personally have to experience the racism the *vast* majority of the time.  

The reason that this is so insulting, is because we are literally looking at what is used against Jewish men in particular and what is always used against Jewish men in particular, and what has been used against racialised men in general, for the entirety of our history as a British state; this is Greco-Roman in its origin, it was about keeping a strong imperial security state. It is not an inherently British tradition, it is common across western empire, and it is coming across Europe.  

Zack Polanski is a Jewish man and Zack Polanski is a gay man. He has opinions on NATO or put across an opinion on NATO, which is not anti-British, but it is something which stands against the arms in industry lobby in this country, who have an outsized impact on British politics, including on the Labour Party.  

They do not deliver a good return on investment when you actually look at things like investment in local communities, or number of jobs; the GDP loss, is very easily made up for in what harm is no longer happening, directly to the communities in which those companies exist, partially through research and development not just through political mentality. The idea that there is no other industry other than making arms, is absolutely ludicrous, and even Matt except that the economy always has to be an exponential growth, which is not necessarily true – it is simply a norm in western countries.  

To really seriously, at this point in time, the genuinely comparing a Jewish man who takes a critical of NATO approach to politics, as inherently more of a risk to this country security and defence, as a man who is for all he tries to hide it, highly likely a Holocaust denier, is absolutely insane, and it is one of the oldest and most dangerous types of antisemitism around.  

Jewish men are eternally seem to be "foreign", and hell, even though Nigel Farage is a massive cunt, his background as a descendant of Huguenot immigrants does also code him this way, so while he is a wanker about this in particular, I am going to include him in people who are coded by English wider society as potentially foreign, when they're going gets tough.  

Therefore, for a white man who has never experienced that in his life, to be putting those two men as being inherently evil (idk man this is the tone), but especially to compare a Jewish man to someone who clearly doesn't really think the holocaust happened like that (sorry Nige, but I don't think you're gonna be too offended;  I think it's highly likely given your particular generation, and your other opinions and ways you wear things, but you probably don't think that it happened the way it happened, and there are ways in which I can be generous, but I'm gonna park that for a second), is absolutely wild.  

I don't know which drugs Keir Starmer takes every time he does this, but he does this quite often, where he will say something which is inherently packed with microaggressions and dogwhistles, such that a lot of people just do not see the thing.  

I genuinely don't know if Keir Starmer does this on purpose or not. The reason that I entertain the possibility that he could be a Likud asset, is that modern forms of expansionist revisionist Zionism, would take some of the substances that he has taken, where it is not very clear why he's taking particular stance, but also that that would be Israel's main defence right now in this moment: scare the Jews, double down on isolationism, double down on division.  

Like bro.  

Literally earlier this week, you said that it shouldn't be about "divide divide divide". You have literally just done what you told the rest of us not to do, literally a matter of 48 or 72 hours ago.  

Again: what drugs are you on, and can the rest of us have some?  

I'm actually so angry in this moment, but it's actually difficult for me to dictate in a way that will be picked up by the speech to text system.  

Jewish man coded as foreign, because they are coded as being alike to Mars, in comparison to being alike to Athena; this is literally how old the way in which we other people under Europe European logic, is. Mars is the potential outsider, the God of war, and exists as a masculine hyper sexualised force, indirect antagonism to Athena, the home state.  

Other people have written to this in great detail and fabulously, I will link you in the future. I am just really angry in this moment right now.  

Jewish men are consistently viewed as foreign. It does not matter how white a Jewish man is it does not matter how he looks like he could be Barry from down the road, Jewish men are always seen a foreign, and this is often in Europe even more tight to men who are Jewish, specifically because they are circumcised. The rationale that is basically that men are obsessed with penises, and when they are obsessed with a penis that might come towards a woman that they see is their property, they are really upset about whatever that penis is or is not.  

I genuinely wish I could talk less about penises and politics, but western men do view a large amount of of the world in relation to their own genitals and to other men's genitals; I really wish we didn't have to talk about this either.  

this is all to say, the degree of racial ation of Jewish men is still such that they are inherently coded as enemies of this state and foreigners. Given the name Polanski and the Russia reference, this is incredibly aggressive of a prime minister that claims to give a fuck about racism, and who claims to give a fuck about antisemitism.  

One might ask: does the Prime Minister actually care about protecting Jewish men? Or, like many white men, does he fetishise Jewish women, and is threatened by Jewish men?  

This is not an out of the box theory, I have written so much in this repo on this subject, this is incredibly normalise within British society, it is very unique to the Jewish population, but it is also a huge part of how we do racism as a whole.  I have seen a few occasional scary things in my life, and this is one of those political adverts that I would say ranks only with one other British political advert that I have seen in recent years which directly plays on horrific tropes about Jewish people, and this is actually the one that is more personalised to Holocaust era thinking, the other was more trying to get us in the "fear of Holocaust mood".  

I have never in my lifetime seen a British candidate who is not part of the party that you could clearly say what alt right, speak about Jewish men like this.  

I am not being hysterical; I have listened to all of you across the mainstream political spectrum, tell me all about how I'm going to get raped by Hamas, how I need to fear another Holocaust, how I should be scared for my life, and about how you will save me.  

When I see you, take one of the most Nazi approaches to describing a Jewish man, in relation to foreign policy, it is very difficult for me to see that in terms other than you are my problem.  

I would like to say, that maybe this was not media tested, but I think we are really past that point now.  

At a time when the Prime Minister is under such public scrutiny and pressure for having a bunch of nonsense in his party, not just in his party but also instrumentalise and control his party, and there is a huge threat of the alt right, it is absolutely mad and speaks to a lack of judgement which openly supports fascism, and explicitly supports anti-Jewish racism, to make statements like this one about a Jewish man who has the goal to be successful.  

I made a sort of the labour party awhile ago, and they are piecemeal getting back to me, it is interesting that in December I see something which is labelled as needing to pull everyone's electoral records from Councils, to index something called, "the green threat".  

Tell me it's McCarthyism without telling me it's McCarthyism.  

The Prime Minister is dead in the water; has an adequate time to show that he is better than this, and for whatever reason, he decided to make one of the most anti Jewish statements in modern political history, openly to an international audience, and supposedly after so many years of acting to protect the Jewish people.  

Bullshit is he protecting any Jew in this country; he just gave a speech that could've come from Goebbels.  

Harsh?  

Then don't use pre-Holocaust Nazi rhetoric, to talk about a Jewish man.  
Don't position him as being such a threat to this country, that he is unlike to an alt right party do you have a number of people who probably do deny the Holocaust.  

Whoever or whatever was involved in improving this, is a group that actively wants Jewish people terrified in the Labour Party.  

Fuck that.  

Release the British names in the Epstein files.  

This all has huge overlap, not just with that, but also with Jimmy Savile, and a number of other complaints about grooming which have not resolved; Andrew, you are more than welcome to chat.  

Someone knows. Someone is covering it up.  

Perhaps you can all get Tony Blair on the phone, he was mates with Mandelson.  

Keeps popping up a lot near anything that speaks to the Jewish community to try and cement our votes.  

You might also want to get your mate Louis from Palantier on the phone; the analytics are wrong.  

Believe me, I've checked my own, something very strange is going on in your microniching and it's not picking up what it should be picking up.  

The Labour Party is infiltrated by something, at a very senior level, and it doesn't like British values.  

But also, I think the antisemitism training has gone really awry; this speaks to a very superficial understanding, and it does not speak to a emotional reckoning with how the Holocaust happened, and so absolutely cannot protect anyone from a genocide happening again (funny that, it's almost like what is happening in Palestine should be a hint).  

---

I want to be really clear about this, if you are white and you did not oppose the genocide and Palestine, you cannot now speak to me about me being hysterical, when I see rhetoric which mirrors the genocidal rhetoric that was directed towards Jews in the 1920s and 1930s, because you have literally weaponised my very identity in order to advance your money making in the genocide of Palestine, whilst I risked everything and put everything on the line, in order to resist it.  

Get fucked, kindly. x  

---
