Current working diagnosis:  

The algorithmic weighting on this side altered significantky after the book was released; n = 2, most likely area of crossover is in Sheffield-Nottingham academic space, specifically utilises the MOD flags.  
Highly likely to involve AI labratories. Highly likely to be in traditional red wall territory due to specific funds defence. Likely to be dual-use, advertised only for civilian purpose, before ? taken into PREVENT or otherwise.  
Highly likely to have been approved under COVID emergency powers and compression of R&D seen to assist pandemic management.  
Defence can be as embarrassed as they like, but this is now being actively engineered for alt right gain; immediate threat containment not complete.  
Approval and ownership will live across complex pathway, with different signatories in different information silos. Cabinet likely onlybto have generic approval, but staffing and Ministers over last 6 years likely to be aware, may need prompting. Both profiles poisoned over time, will impact discoverability of trace.  
R&D likely to impact both digital identities due to frequency of utilisation within research.  
Easiest way to find the digital product would be to locate local human ethics and safeguarding override projects, therefore, quickest route is to review local academic ethics boards' governance papers.  
In the Midlands, these are, *alledgedly*, routinely denied under FOIA, citing "impacts to academic freedoms".  
But that's where this sign-off most likely lives, and it's still installed in whatever middleware the BBC is using for tone and sentiment, and it's potentually what is influencing the current Labour Cabinet to u-turn every 5 mins.  
It is living in policy spaces.  
This digital product is basing a significant amount of the national mood thermostat on an n-number of potentially only 2.  
And both individuals have been targeted via external means, so... yes. Adversaries are aware of its presence.  
It has not been fully contained; summer activity did not "fix", just one fire extinguisher against a chip fire.  
Which also suggests that there is knowledge of the issue, which is not being shared with appropriate channels to escalate the issue, and this is local to RIPA/IPA powers in the Midlands, who coexisted with national emergency response.  

GCHQ like, "🍿🍿🍿 fucking civilians... *again*".  

Someone is choosing not to escalate to MI5; unclear if HOM aware or not.  

That's my theory. And that's why if one were Keir Starmer, one would probably wish to fix it.  

This is great, because wor DPP knows every data miner in the system, so he just needs to get his mate Alex Karp on the phone, then job's a guddin.  

#BritishBeaurocracy so quick tho.  

---
