Centroid behaving very strangly, I feel like I've made my point about teddy bears with rubles, I've seen far too much local issue content.  
Another Monday done.  

[I would like to be out of the placement that puts me in the executive tap water crowd, thanks.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyj9anu/)  

---

You know, the way British interest gets defended in regard to the Overseas Territories, one would think that we have created a worldwide loop with Trident, for mutually assured destruction should Britannia ever feel sufficiently threatened.  

Which does feel like something the personality of the UK would do...  

I would really like to see all men in the Epstein Files in court, whether President or Prince.  

The time has come.  

It's all getting rather silly, now.  

The psychopomps are here for the old world order; the new is being midwived as we speak.  

---

5am ptsd thoughts around this Trident puzzler:  

We never tell any of you anything about where our submarines are, and a map will show you why a US Administration who acts contrary to the UK's national interest, ought to enjoy the dangle.  

The United States can, quite frankly, fuck off from posturing over Europa. Regardless of any warheads, it is just so passé; that was last century, darling. Get with the times.  

We would have every right to be in the Atlantic territories, but we also do not confirm if we would indeed ever be in the Atlantic territories.  

We don't confirm where we are and we don't confirm what our strike policy is.  

We have always maintained that we do not need an American veto: we only need extra extraordinary national interests.  

So that's fun.  

Happy 5am thoughts. I hate having a brain like this.  

<!-- Just in case you also have this kind of brain: 7600 km at full load, over 11500 km at partial load. BOT are more extensive than anyone realises, which is why no one will shut up about the Chagos Islands, without saying why we are so bothered about them. It is a loss of a very useful point for British Naval coverage. I am not saying we should have it of should bot have it; this is just what my brain does when I cannot sleep because we are, apparantly, not yet arresting any men whose survivors are still asking for justice even to get the unredacted case released, in the form of the Epstein files. -->

---

I know who has blended my voice, the main part of it. You can either start talking to me directly, or I swear I will make this the most G-d-awful lefty, progressive, woke blog on the entire Internet.  

I will find a way to put the Reminence of pagan history that we have in the British Isles into the nuclear armament policy.  

You can try me if you like. I will do what I need to do, in order to achieve my freedom.  
<!--Perhaps any Israeli actors could do with being a little less soft on the British ones. What happened to Jewish manhood? (The Canadian has not been forgotten; later problem.)-->
---

I've just read the line which references a narrative which I find personally very difficult. I am really tired of other people, especially white men who are not Jewish, referencing my body and the bodies of people like me, to talk about hostages and human shields, in order to justify your foreign policy, your "defence" actions, and your wars. It is very dehumanising, that as a Jewess, I am nothing more than a rhetorical human shield for the British state. I would really prefer it if you cease and desist using my likeness, tone, cadence, and the markers that you feel making an empathetic voice, in order to sanitise defence publications.  

I would really like you to stop doing it where you are talking about the bodies of Jewish women, regardless of their nationality.  

Generally, people have a consistent writing voice, and it tends to match to some degree with how they speak.  

This does not sound like the named author. It sounds like me.  

The sentence structure has even had to change significantly, because of what you term my "overuse of semicolons", because my semicolons match how I speak with a healthcare cadence. 

I know which contractors have likely been part of this project, and being part of the containment of the project, as well as where those contracts and memoranda of understanding were run from.  

Given how much algorithmic power is now within the words that I am writing, and I'm sure you know exactly what I mean from this week, do you not think that perhaps it is time to talk?  
Russia and China both know, and they are keenly aware of how to weaponise that. I thought that's what you were all so scared of? Or, are you all more scared of a woman with a brain?  

The whole thing is really rather embarrassing. I would far prefer that we spoke about this like adults.  

Still don't regret the email that may have got me here; absolutely deserved.  
Additionally, the plural is not "PIPs", you absolute noodles.  

Oh nope. We're not misrepresenting Abbot. Nope. Not having it.  

I love that every reference to Schmitt has carried through the "massive bastard nazi fuckface" commentary, just a little *milder*. Smoother, one could say.  

I don't know whose job this is, or whose idea this was, but some of the clusters that have come out of this are extremely funny. It's like I'm reading the water down, personal assistant, version of what the fuck I said.  

Just with a few little.... additional details that I personally would not have thought were credible. See also the use of Jewish women as rhetorical human shields.  

Jewish women were partisans. Jewish women held rifles. Jewish women slaughtered Nazis.  

You disrespect all of them who fought for your freedom in Europe, when you reduce us to hostages, and hostages only.  

It's a very white guy kind of fetish going on.  

The number of times it mentions IP theft? Priceless.  

The Jew mentioned Nazis too many times to be respectfully indexed.  

Who made me the official MOD Lady, Now With Added Zionism? 🤣🤣🤣  

Wtf is this?!  

I'm sorry, but this is not this author's work, and whoever did it, rushed the job. While some sections are handled with care, it backs up rather than challenges a number of narratives which are so loaded that they misrepresent reality.  

This is very strange.  

The idea that one "organises" a "counter-riot"? How much coke was involved at this point?  

On a number of occasions, there are times where the writer/editor just does not give the same amount of human-centred care to the language, that is previously given in other work by the same author. A number of topics land really badly, for this very reason.  

Whatever kind of project this was? I hope my taxes haven't paid for this.  

I am requesting, for the umpteenth time, for an immediate cease and desist on utilisation of my voice in this manner; this is by a white man.  

Summa? Are you lot fucking serious? What, did you think of the word blueprint because the cover was blue?  
(I do understand what has been created, here. However illegally.)

Schmitt and other Nazis get about as much of a run here, as they do on Polaris. Funny that.  

(Even better when you consider the previous book about what Schmitt actually did, doesn't mention him, I think. Probably because he's a piece of shit Nazi, it's most people prefer to reference the legal philosophy rather than talk about him directly. I, however, like to embarrass Nazis.)  
His full name is Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva; [this creator's summaries](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy6SfF1/) are probably where the shorting came from.  

This is... very different, to previous works under this name. It's an imposter. And it's not a good one.  
1. Tank 2022 book.
2. Claim LLM can solve problem.
3. Fuck up problem even more.
4. ...???
5. Release 2026 book, I guess??

Was this also the teddy bear's idea, or was this home-grown in Yorkshire?  

I would at least like to think that if it was a Russian, it might actually have some panache.  

I even recognise this style of writing, because I have done this style of writing when I forgot about a project in school and had to cram and rush something, completely believed that it was possible, and if your teacher is actually spending more than two seconds looking at it, they know exactly what you've done.  

The type setting is really bad, and there's just loads of random banks mentioned for no reason.  

YES! WE GOT THE FARMERS IN!! 🎉🎉🎉  

It feels a lot like whoever actually wrote this, knows what to say to sound intimidating in a meeting when they talk about finance, but actually doesn't really have a good sense of how money works? As someone with anarchist leanings, who feels that money is a made up social construct, I still respect the rules of the game, so this is quite unsettling.  

I also feel like this is when people really don't necessarily respect how much work goes into a book. This book is all over the shop. It doesn't really make sense, and it does feel like someone's just sat down written it front to back and not really edited it too much. That's just not how books are written. I have not written a book, I have participated in first draft novel writing challenges, and I am going to tell you from experience that you start writing complete bollocks after a certain point. This is why the editing process exists. This is why a good editor is so important for a good author to get their work refined enough to go to print. This is completely different from the book released a few years ago under the same person's name. The previous book, you could tell that there was a lot of work put in there a lot of dedication. This? This is someone's first attempt at copy. Which also makes it highly unusual for a political book where ghost writing is used?  

This is so strange, because this sort of work, if you were doing it as an experiment for reception, it wouldn't have gotten this far if it was commercial, and if it was academic, this just isn't what a PhD would put out.  

I don't know what has happened here, but this is very strange.  

I also just want to note that if my voice was used, which is heavily sarcastic, and the sarcasm of the previous book existed, where did the sarcasm go in this one?  

Is this what is supposed to be cancelled out?  

This is a British tradition; it is part of British English.  

This is written by someone who does speech on behalf of a company or behalf of an organisation, I think. The "we" voice keeps getting placed in whenever one would refer back or forwards or to a third source. This clashes with the rest of the voice. There is very little consistency here. There cannot possibly be an editor involved in this process.  

We oh, for whatever reason, sanitising and minimising British involvement in the transatlantic slave trade. This is genocide minimiation. If I was the author, I would sue. Who claimed rights to this voice? Because I'm gonna need to talk to you anyway.  

You do not get to use *any* voice capture product from my voice, to claim that white supremacy and British imperial history is any less bloody than it is.  

Fucking hell, I've just seen the other book under that title. So many Nazis.  

I misd the selection of indexes. That made my nerd brain happy. The sane brain bit that works out British Naval coverage at 5am for G-d knows what reason.  

At least my voice appears stolen by Reform, Heritage, and the like; you can afford the damages.  

Which little shit took my likeness and sold it to Nazis? 🤨  

I have so mamy things to say in Yiddish.  

(Or Hindi, seeing as you got yourselves a translator.)  

---

This was captured with unlawful surveillance, which *had* to have a signatory.  

I am geolocating to Sheffield because of course I am.  

This is stopping me from accessing NHS services freely; I've had to go to Cabinet Office *again*.  

Sort it.  

---

[Before Reform UK march into office, why are they using voice capture artefacts extracted from a British Jewish woman under coercion and illegal surveillance?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy6v8LB/)  

Ask them, because it would seem some of them are aware of this.  

Not completely unrelated to our friends who have "jumped ship", apparantly.  

[Oh, you better be waking up, matey.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyMj5N8/)  

Where's the former DPP in this?  

[And why is my feed full of this?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy6o937/) That was months ago.  

[I wonder which bunch of morons is checking in on me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRy6vtcJ/)  

Why did you all think selling a MOD dataset was a good idea?  

---

"A": you need to stop causing a constitutional melodrama over the book and just take at least some of the NDA structure away. We both know Nazis = bad, so let's not, please.  

I am too old for this, as are you.  

I don't want to have to run this through both channels again, but I will if I must. Every international agency will be watching you, and us all as a result. Let's be slightly less embarrassing where we can.  

I might even answer phonecalls again, if you get me a lawyer.  

This feels like it was written as a Faustian bargain; who, honestly, started to make it awkward to back out? Who set the deadline? I'm not asking "for me"; we are discussing fairly serious consequences, and you know that there are people who can help *if they know*.  

Press release? Yes... but it's heavily summarised if it's security.  

---

I am aware of why and how you handle giving factual information when asked. If showing prints or screens is easier, you do that.  

Time to take some Nazi trash out.  

I am quite meticulous and you understand I am aware of some thongs that you are less aware of; someone has added inputs to the middleware that do not necessarily sound like they originate with you, but perhaps thought you wouldn't feel strongly to correct. These need immediate review; some have significant damage capability.  

This didn't go through the correct legal team; it needs to go through if it hasn't already. Please just hand them a copy if nothing else. This has to come off sale today.  

This isn't about his reputation; this is about what we've allowed to print under a specofic category of voice and we have to fix it, with urgency.  

---

[Okay, but... LBC. Why are you desperate for Labour blood?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyh47HH/) It's starting to look like *a thing*.  

---

[UK media released the Mossad allegations.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyhTQwG/)  

[We've discussed the back up list.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyhbyht/)  

[The fact that survivors have been put in this position by the Trump Administration, is continued sexual abuse.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyh3qhg/) Convince me I'm wrong. It may not be the same physical reality, but this is gross and it is deliberate torture.  

[Vic Derbyshire is the auntie we need on this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyhpDmE/)  

---

[This is the niche detail in which we follow people who... I believe Chomsky to Wosrein called them "MeToo fanatics"?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUeJkb/)  

Because the most dangerous thing in the world is maybe saying, let's not party with men with a list of credible and unanswered sexual violence allegations.  

Ghislane Maxwell can go fuck herself. In case that wasn't clear. Unsuprising, but what a cunt move.  

[This is the feed. It is constant.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUPNLk/)  

[I love it when British people get impassioned and protective about the monarchy. It is deeply fascinating.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUU4YD/)  

So I think I've gone down at least 10 different items, none of them are about stationary, none of them are about cats, none of them are about mountains, none of them are about trees, none of them are Palestinian, none of them are about making candles, or reading the sky.... so I'm not really sure whose feed this is but it ain't mine.  

And there is a lot of Disney parks. I'm not saying you can't enjoy Disney as an adult for normal or innocent reasons. I'm saying I am deeply uncomfortable. 

[Yes. But the former DPP is the problem.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUFpXY/)  

To anyone on the outside this does read an awful lot like we are in a very strange stalemate between two sections of our constitutional monarchy, and then negotiation chip the bargaining chip itself, it's not exactly the best negotiating in a way that accepts the fact that questions may need to be answered for a record.  
Mate, I'm not even a bargaining shit here. I'm just a fucking accessory that makes noise or doesn't make noise and gets prodded accordingly.  

---

Whoever just put some walk-throughs of people's different diaries on my feed, you have made the right choice.  
I know I'm not being kind and I know I'm not being very nice, but I am absolutely livid and I am allowed to be absolutely beyond apoplectic.  

I am so extremely tired and I just want to feel safe and secure so that I can sleep; this will only happen in another area, and given everything, the prerequisites are quite high.  

---

I'm not commenting on content, so much as to say that [this is what the centroid is panicking about](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUAjGa/), so we should not be expecting "the gentlemanly thing", etc etc. No. Sometimes people do bad things where you essentially have to arrange a way in which they are compelled to an action; this is what, for example, an arrest is. But right now the country has a weird gap in news coverage. We can't keep leading on crisis comms like this. It says something very loud and clear to everyone else in the world. This is a big part of why this needs modernising.  

The pause makes sense but it *looks* awkward, internationally.  

[We also just do need to act on everyone under the law somewhat fairly, because the reason we are struggling here is because they are all mates.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyU7HVL/)  

I don't need us to explain and extrapolate arguments. We just need to act to safeguard children. How hard is this?  

I don't think anyone really cares what particular details were agreed 10 years ago, to manage the fallout of scandal in this country relating to these issues. I think really what just needs to happen is that we are acting in the here and now, informed by the past. Up and down our own country, as well as in the United States, we have people having to beg for basic protections that are given by the justice system, or having to spend an inordinate amount of time digging out out of vexatious legal complaints, designed to stall survivors and victims, designed to exert further coercive control.  

We're not very good in this country at recognising coercive control because it's actually very tied with how we govern, historically, but this is starting to let us down in a really serious way in the modern world and we do need to start moving forward from it. Even if you couldn't care in the slightest about the issues of interpersonal violence, this is starting to inhibit our trade and growth potential. (If you're into that sort of thing. Personally, I'd favourite a transfer and degrowth agenda.)  

I'm just going to know that I am receiving project invites to projects that quite frankly I don't have this psychological strength to do. If I embark on anything, it will be interrupted, it will be nudged, it will be controlled. It's not ready for anyone who's still engaging in this to continue engaging this way, because it's not as if I have not tried extensively, to engage in other goals and other objectives in life, and just live with the situation I'm with. Maybe you shouldn't have taken Me out out of medical school if you wanted me to be distracted?  

i'm also a little bit confused as to why there appears to be overlap from really specific lobbying firms, other than to say, I'm not surprised those business relationships exist, and some of you need to start looking for this data under different names, not just my legal name. Some of you need to start doing your fucking due diligence. This is embarrassing.  

there's a very clear data stream which is being used to judge sentiment and has been used to judge sentiment, for other things as well, but in particular, for Jewish women in Britain in operation iron swords. It appears to sit in the middle portion of an AI product. It is used by different newsrooms, but it is relied on for example far more in the BBC than it is in something like the Sun. That's the product where you're going to find a blended voice from one person who is Ministry of Defence proper, and one voice which is an accumulated identity made up partially from an SA flagged voice. That second feminine voice is one person.  


This is such a small end number that it's going to make the mistakes that is made in the analytics are going to be wrong on the scale that they have been wrong; I don't represent every single fucking Jewish woman in this country. (I'm pretty sure some of them are gonna be really pissed off that you've made that assumption, quite rightly. We're not all one thing. We don't all have one brain cell between us.) this is so dangerous from a international point of view because essentially all that needs to be done, by a foreign body of influence is to put content in front of me and sway me emotionally, informationally, etc, and the sentiment will output differently and then the media narrative will change. If there are other voices in that end number, I can actually suggest some people who are probably part of similar groups, these are terrible ideas. There will have been some AI guys who told you that this was a great idea, and it's not reasonable to expect people in governance to be able to understand a specialist subject that they are not necessarily experts in. The solution to this is to look at regulation. However, the immediate threat is that we take out the reliance on this, or if we don't take out the reliance we do need to start working together on being able to limit any potential damage or potential influence from outside, because I am getting so tired right now that I really can't screen cognitively for the content in the same way that I might've done previously.  

The degree of stress that I am currently going through is not compatible with being able to also monitor and make sure that nothing goes down a weird national security agenda. This is a huge ask of any citizen, especially when you're not briefed. I appreciate that this sounds absolutely mad to anyone who's receiving emails, but I have tried really hard to put together succinct summaries for you so you can get started. You do just need to find the middleware.  

Also, because it's annoying me, those texts that got released don't make sense as one set of text conversations, unless you've deleted some, or had some on another app. Although I appreciate that Wes Streeting is basically leading the charge for distraction right now, and you never know this might just be his very weird national service. He might genuinely think this is helping, and to be fair, it probably is helping the public more than legal silence.  

Please, for the love of G-d, I've got do not count that into an approval rating. I haven't approved of a health secretary in my entire life.  

If we need to start talking about data mining, we can start talking about data mining, but there's also a bit of an issue here that there are other countries that benefit from shit talking Palantir, so it is one of my favourite hobbies, I am not unaware of the fact that putting loads of critical content in front of me might be a deliberate action right now.  

This is kind of why I need to have more than silence.  

This has been set up so that it "cannot fail", and that is precisely why it's going so fucking wrong.  

If it gets to the point where I have to start naming contractors online, I don't know how else to help you; I don't fully feel comfortable disclosing this to the MOD with no further follow-up, because of how they've dealt with me so far. It doesn't really make me think that common sense is the priority, it feels like it's been dealt with in a very MOD way which is to put it on a line-track where it's stopping short, because the risk assessment is not dynamic. this used to be an incredibly sensible way to do defence risk calculations, but it's just not fit for the modern age.  

I really need someone to reach out, otherwise... I guess we'll see what happens on the feed huh?  

Some of the things that I've seen recycle into later content stream, I genuinely not think I've looked up, not things that I should be placed next to algorithmically, but they have been viewed by me because they've come up on my feed. That's how easy it is to affect their system and it's a key British defence system, because we are in an information age and we are in information wars, regardless of whether or not you think we are in them.  

Please be sensible.  

I have caged in my personality deliberately for a number of months because I understand what's happening, I can't keep doing it. I need more resources to be able to handle this. it's at a point now where if I kill my feed entirely, this will not do good things, because the system is built reliance on it. This needs to be done carefully and with some planning, please can we have a conversation?  

[I can even narrow down the piece of historical media that this is coached on. Please can the defence slot stop doing this themselves.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUmN26/) You're supposed to be reassuring during a sexual violence fuck up; this will not land well, and it undermines governance, why are you telling him to do this? With the greatest respect, if you haven't been a survivor or a victim, I'm not sure you can judge the tone correctly. this is aggressive masculinity. It works for getting men to fight, it does not work for reassuring women when rapists haven't been arrested.  

[Jon Stewart, singlehandedly saving the Realm, completely unintentionally.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUs1M1/)  

And please don't fear what I don'r already know: I've had a lot of time to think about how fucked up the R&D situation could be. You'll probably put my mind at ease with the level you think is, "no, but really bad". Sirs: I have been cornered with these men. Without male supervision. Do you think they were on their best behaviour?  

I also know about downstairs. They've been told irl to shut it up once today.  

---

[When men say this, the rest of us are hearing your browser history.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUb5DU/) This doesn't have to be how it is, but it's how it's coming across.  

---

[This issue](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyyMRRa/), specifically, comes up a lot wgen the current government is unsteady, and there appears to be at least some bot farm/non-UK input.  

I've been exposed to outright torture and cruelty of animals on feed, previously, in a way that appeared more designed to add to the general stress.  

Because of all of these things put together, it's really difficult for me to do the same level of writing in the get hub repo, and that's borne out with what you can see in drafts.  

This is a useful little microcosm in how there appears to be some non-UK influence on how this entire system is feeding in, and this is where the fact that it's a small end number, shows the fatal flaw of the system design.  

I literally can't opt out out of this system.  

What exactly would the British government prefer that I do?  

---

[Better, but this is emergency coverage only.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyyhJBQ/)

[If this is LFI, you're going to need to lobby to find my data; I'm not doing free work.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyySomP/)  

[You will need to pay me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyyDLMT/)  

[Will need my data and a lawyer to comment.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyyL2nh/)  

[This spate of arrests is really weird. It doesn't make me feel safer as a Jew, to encourage this style of arrest.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyUENxC/)  

[Feedback will require my data being found. SHU appeared to be preemptively defensive when asked.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRyySmG6/)  

---

We've gone bargain bin to white Teslas, apparantly. Anyone want the reg?  

Meanwhile, my new underwear still goes missing in the post.  

I am not the problem to be spied on.  

Do you know what?  

I really think women should be told in this country, that this is what will happen.  

Speaking in front of your rapist? That bit's a breeze.  

---
