 Hopefully over the next few days, I'm going to write out with diagrams in node format, how they were moving grooming to be technological, how they felt they could do it "without trace", how they were always going to train the victim has been somehow needing Care or unable to speak themselves, I was going to be noble enough that victims did not necessarily recognise it at the time and self-blamed, why are the money in the research comes from, by regulation, and how it is used not just for sexual grooming but also to groom an entire population.  

 One night say I have an entire github about it.  

 Is this working out and how you intended, big boy? 🙄

If anyone wants to get an animal or song trending, get it in front of my face.  

Or, more correctly:  

Get it in front of the Epstein-o-matic, courtesy of someone who sits in the middleware.  

If he tells you it's all lies, put the repo through an analyser, and see how many bird references come out.  

I had to work with what I had to work with.  

He kept DDoSing, otherwise.  

"You sure make me do a whole lot of labour."

Remember, kids:  

The British government has not come up with DDoS legislation.  

This means that whoever is giving advice on security policy, benefits more on the current scenario, than will benefit from protecting the British Isles.  

❤️

We are, apparently, happy to fuck our entire GDP, national security, international status....  

As long as it means a small cluster of men can fuck your kids.  

---

I had a stream of "tarot reading" vids that all told me not to focus on details and inconsistancies.  

I'll do whatever the fuck I like, thank you.  

Make them sweat like the shitbags they are.  

Sure, zooming out:  

There is a pattern of impacted institutions.  

Some are using national security exemptions.  

Some are narrowing searches.  

Some are obviously becoming aware that their input is comprimised.  

I am happy to work with anyone, who gets the same paedophiles who took us into genocide complicity, the fuck away from any material decisions impacting anyone else.  

The offender profile requires high manipulation, the willingness to sacrifice and undercut their other mothers before themselves, and the tendancy to build up whole folders of "evidence" on others - ready to throw anyone to the dogs *before themselves*.  

At their heart, these are weak, pathetic, men and women who participate in these offences.  

They will comprimise everyone around them, and seek to have complicity in harmful actikns; for some, they derive pleasure and satisfaction from the "con" and the control, whilst undermining the ability of future whistleblowing.  

The same men who brough us livestreamed maiming of Palestinian children, are the same men who shouted "immigrants!" rather than investigate grooming gangs thoroughly enough to halt the organised crime, are the same men who think your children don't need food or holidays or clean water, more than they need money and power.  

So...  

Game on.  

---

[I don't know what your beef is, here. This guy has made a graphic novel/ comic with his brother and it sounds cool. Why are you bothered enough that we're always checking up?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDc48yu/)  

Like, the comic journey consistantly comes up prior to [Femi](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcbR1G/), and we know why you're hanging onto hos every word like the hate-groupie you are, so... 🤔  

[Even before your favourite protest groups.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcp5j7/)  

---

Let's see...  

Now that we're past the Palestine Action news (but we still need to halt a genocide, guys)...  

What else makes them nervous?  

Do we want to talk about the exact CofE diocese, next?  

I like crossing tasks off a list.  

---

[Back to more women you obsessively keep tabs on.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDc9AUH/)  

[The comments are beautiful. This is why a lot of the posts get theirs tirned off. The perpetrator network is shitting itself, and we all know the BBC loved Saville. Did it ever purge all associates?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcsBTU/)  

[Biiiiiitch. This is beautiful.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcqV1K/)  

[They also obsessively check this kind of content. Look at what and who Epstein kept tabs on; always obsessed with detractors, regardless of how minimal the risk.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcCxsS/)

[I'm telling you... they are obsessed with the 24 comic release.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDccwTr/)  

"He a fan. He a fan. He a fan..."  

[Interesting, chiefly because he is coming across as his honest business persona until a key rhetorocal pivot, and it does not necessarily suggest that he is the one he is protecting. Watch for the stumble and you get the indicator for why the protection is happening at this time. This makes it extremely important to pressure all facets of the network. He is very accidentally admitting it out loud, because it is incredibly difficult for a human to deliver without being pushed to their own specific tells, and we have had a decade of watching his.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD3B5rM/)  

[Better example of his behaviour when he is playing lawyer. Also a good example of her behaviour when playing lawyer. Remember: if there was any Epstein affiliate in Labour and not in Conservatives, this would have been such an easy scandal to leak and win when the Conservatives were in office for 14 years. It is bipartisan. It must be eradicated as far as possible. For this to happen, the pressure on all institutions must continue unabaited.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD3DDm7/)  

And it really is easy to keep the pressure on, because this network is responsible for so many social harms, that really you only need to pick any that you're bothered about or have the skills for or can speak to, and keep linking it to this issue.  

This is the same reason it's incredibly easy to resist genocide in rhetorical terms and in democratic terms; it is the accumulation of all of the horrors of all of the other particular ways in which systems and authority and the misuse of such, harm us.  

It is so easy, to just talk about what you want to talk about, and remember to mention issues like this. This does something to the data you see online, and indexes your issue with this issue.  

The more you do it, the more we all do it, the easier it is for the numbers on insurance dashboard and the numbers on sentiment dashboards, to materially change such to the point that they start throwing more of the paedophiles to the wolves.  

This is incredibly easy because all you need to do is emotionally react, exactly how you would, and just remember to keep linking the issues.  

I am agnostic about Kier and about Kemi on this issue until I see them clean house. They are acting as if they wish to, but they appear restricted. We just have to crank up the pressure and keep it up.  

---

I know why they wanted VoiceX dead before this day.  

😌

---

[Honestly, given my exposure to people who are involved in Satanism, the fact that the Satanic Temple is at the forefront of sensible and unequivocal takes, is deeply unsuprising to me.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDcECuo/)  

---

[Back to the Jeremy obsession, because rage-watching, I guess?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD31xP5/)  

---

[I keep telling you all: Nazis are networked, paedophiles are networked. When you even make one reasonable request regarding a single person they like, they all turn on you. That's why they need dismantling.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD3MT4S/)  

---

They will literally pull resources to take down people who are incredibly wealthy, who even just complain against one; these are very, very weak people.  

"Theories of a rich cabal engaged in child abuse gain plausibility when the crimes of Jeffrey Epstein are widely known and people can wonder why so few of those associated with him have been prosecuted."  

The email was written by a non-native speaker, under stress but not necessarily coercion, highly formal and regimented under stress, with quaint archaisms narrowing the fluent taught English to specific institutions pre-internet. It was built with misinterpreted data exhaust, and there was an intervhangable copy+paste line, to narrow data exhaust input further. It used an averaged stated age so the email could be reused. The email series could plausibly be used to take out two selections of people en masse; ours is from 2022. Time and place is given so specifically as to implicate a given attendee or speaker at a given event.  
And it appears to have been done, using the UK academic institutional access federation, at the Azure MD level.  

I hope this summary finds you in the best of health, achei. Glad to finally return the introduction, but I strongly doubt that you are a man of 38.  

You were very concerned, to make an extremely specific individual, appear to be the author, and to appear in a particular light.  

I think this strengthens the "intent" portion.  

From what came out from the ML summertime frenzy, all that you were bothered to remove was, respectfully, an extremely milquetoast take from the "counterterrorism" clique.  

Suggests extreme fragility under critique.  

---

Email to Cabinet Office clarifying both my and potentially their fishing expedition sent, with documented co-occurances.  

I imagine the "asian male" (this is not how anyone who fits this description describes themselves; it is self-dehumanising, so it is highly specific to an industry) who wrote the email, is feeling uncomfortable.  

Shmendrik.

---

Given the market impacts, and persisant judicial findings across cases where additional factors do not persist, I think we can safely assume that judgement is impacted at a senior level; if the Labour Together crew cannot self-purge, they should be aware that it was never a requirement that security services inform them, before subjecting them to risk management and informational and reputational containment.  

If there is one or more compromised services, remaining service(s) have more power within their own juristiction than one may assume, subject to meeting specific evidentiary standards to justify this particular choice.  

If foreign governance attempts to infiltrate digitally, technically speaking, all three can justify a case, but the remit must be domain-specific, and support is required to take actions beyond certain thresholds.  

The numbers mean that, while a foreign or self-sabotage influence may be under the impression that they have "enough" control by influencing just two, they simply are not protected from the third acting in direct defence of the Islands and all of her people.  

Never assune that by having senior ears in one or two, that the third will not put whatever their own equivilant of a bullet is through you, if that's the level of action required to meet their terms of service.  

---

For those who aren't following:  

When the first trache was released, we had statements from two services. The other's remit was within what would have had to be addressed following the financial, business, and political ties exposed.  

Several senior figures appear to be being "busied", not in a particular loop of governance.  

Just an observation.  

This would mean that even if the problem is upstream of the PM, it will be brought out.  

Looking at party statements, tye only one who is not acting as if they have knowledge which would indicate at least a due diligence failing, or at least profit from the circumstances as they were before, is the Greens.  

This makes sense as they were too small, and not in the network of classical Westminster, in order to even have that access.  

That is also why they are looking so good compared to everyone else; everyone else has liabilities to balance.  

This is not an advert for them.  

This is just being very clear about which parties have something to tell, and which you're acting like they don't.  

This is what governance looks like when you don't appear to tolerate nonces in it.  

You cannot tell me that that doesn't look better.  

---

The manner in which birds are appearing in the feed has a deliberate lean to it; with thanks for confirming the "friend". We have two men who are white, "straight", Christian-coded males. "Intelligence" and... I shall call it, "law".  

There are other close contacts we need to weed through before we get the whole of the aromatic structure.  

---
