Bestie, just to clarify, the prescription you nudged off, was allowing me to not have days like this.  

This is your own set piece. I'm just reacting to it as I always would.  

---
---

[& this is why your long-time online nerds, comme moi, are extremely unsurprised and find the whole thing really rather banal](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDj6rWb/)  

Please note that by including my own harms, I am not saying "this is just boring", I'm saying that this is repeating power plays which are very old, and when we strip back the weird, it is just a bunch of powerful nonces clinging to their waning power by any means necessary; this is why it is so important to keep sustained pressure on these people and the people who benefitted from them being powerful.  

[Like, I cannot stress how much a particular intersection of nerds saw all of this shit, and it's still like urrrrrggghhhh why did we have to have this specific gut read validated.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD2KvTo/)  

---

[Literally this. Every word. It's just so frustrating.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD625hJ/)  

Take me back to forums and geocities.  

---

So, bestieeeeeee...  

Keep thinking about how you feel about that MoJ influence, yes?  

Or should I say, "besties"?  

Were you one of his? So cute!  

Awwww....  

You could share cells together ❤️❤️❤️

Remember how long you've had my records?  

Remember which Cabinet at first "leak"?  

Remember how many years since that chat?  

Why'd you nudge me here? Was it the compliance environment, or the R&D?  

Tell me...  

How much did you tell Oxon?  

Or did you hide behind, "it's complicated"?  

---

[Awwww!!! Bestie thinks they're the victim!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD6PFQy/)  

Does it hurt when we bite back?  

Don't torture tigers, then wonder why some still have just enough to draw blood.  

It's not revenge; until you fix what you've already broken, it is still survival under duress, babes.  

I just have one last weapon, which is why you're being insulted by the grown-up 15 year old skinny blonde.  

I told everyone we should be very careful about the way things had been worded, and demand the identification of every British resident on those lists.  

I thought you wanted to stop people on coming into our country and harming our women and children?  

---

Btw I've been trying to get food for nearly 2 hours as delivered groceries; so many internet issues, and now a cancellation. So I've ordered a fish bigger than my head to fry. That is my revenge.  

Free the Filton 24; apparantly we need the space once the remaining British names are unredacted.  

& free Palestine, bestie.  

Except just remove the constraints, so that the people can liberate themselves.  

They don't need us lot supervising.  

---

[Seriously the three things that unite people are "fuck genocide", "fuck paedophiles", and "G-d these guys are such losers".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRD6GdmC/)  

---

I take it, that from what failed so spectacularky to upload, I do know where your horses are stabled.  

Worth taking care with guest wifi; I do see that you think I am incapable, but this is citizen 101 in a surveillance state.  

---

Oh. I see.  
Slightiy enforced assistance.  

But also: enjoy the horses. I am guessing this is current location from ads.  

Would appreciate it if your lawyers could back off on the SAR exposure; it's giving a very obvious gap analysis, and it's not hugeoy pleasant to be on house arrest. The leg, etc.  

---

I get the upset at [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDyqt3H/) now; apart from all the other intersectional triggers for you, this is the one who did not just survive – this one still had a life you would consider decent and arguably more powerful after closure.  

That's what I wish for; I might to do sonething to earn one of thise fancy titles, after all.  

Just so you understand your place, in a language which is legiable to you.  

I am not below you; we all shit the same way, hun.  

---

[You all talk as if no abuse by the same unconvicted, unpunished, unimporvished men, somehow cannot possibly still be occuring. Check his harddrive, at least.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDy3n7x/)  

None of you give a fuck when the perpetrator is white.  

Pretending to care gaslights us to prevent violent protest action afainst the state; just apply the existant laws to these people, ffs.  

You locked up people who you allowed to tell staff to death, for two years, for protesting companies invested in by the same network of male predators; you are not giving the people a good reason to not engage in violent revolt against a corrupt, broken, and failed state.  

Maybe thid should be our rioting history week, and 101 useful things a potato can do to usurp power.  

---

[I didn't even come back with a sword; for the record, Home Office was like, "uh, what do you mean by the written word?". They know. They all know exactly where the problem people are; they protect it. And they are shocked and use force on citizens protesting at how upside-down the legal system in this country is in the current climate. They take all of us for a joke.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRDfjaDN/)  

I also feel this I was a deep ignorance of forensic psychology. This is not my field; he has exerted influence over my medical degree and taken it away. The British state apparatus and the media as institution, are all pretending that for every single person who ever presents as a risk to children, that they at some point will just magically stop doing it.  

My biological father is already in prison; I was targeted in part, because I already have that established history of CSA. To a perpetrator, "already broken", and "less work to do". Think about horsetraining.  

i'm contextualising this, to say that I'm not trying to let off perpetrates lightly; I am telling you that a significant enough percentage of perpetrators who engage in this level of offending, and really I feel that the Epstein files without further comment, at this point present a very damning picture, because none of it has been able to be explained out of, and we know that many statements said in previous interviews to the press or disproven with very clear evidence - even things most of us wouldn't lie about. This picture in its whole and entirety, is suggestive of a very particular cluster of traits and behaviours, which are resistant to intervention, which requires very specialist intervention (often only available within the forensic system; it's not usually available privately), and the British press are acting like none of this is a potential risk factor to think about, the safeguarding anyone in the current and present day.  

This is a private citizen with copious public circumstantial evidence, which they have failed to provide reasonable explanation to doubt, and at no point have any of us discussed safeguarding of children currently, there are no point have we been discussing how to ensure we minimise risk to children. This person is a private citizen with no restrictions for visiting children, as far as the official public raffle is concerned.  

I can present reams of evidence to say that there is no transparency if you raise concerns about powerful perpetrators, across the board, in a variety of institutions in a local and national level.  

We are doing a polite version of freezing under pressure, but it's not polite when it's child abuse.  

We are actively choosing to be culpable and complicit, in potential ongoing harm to children.  

Because what? We can't risk assess the situation?  

It doesn't matter who anyone is: the rights of the child should be paramount, and I do have to wonder why so much effort from the same network that we are seeing come up in the Epstein files, was actively engaged in larger activities which undermine the public embodiment of human rights as a intrinsic, and unshakeable reality.  

If you believe in borders, you cannot possibly tell me that the rights of human beings to be free from harm, are made up bullshit; a line on a map is bigger bullshit. Money is bigger bullshit. If you are a prosocial human being and you care about children, a completely normal human stage to be, by the way, you would be violently angry that we are allowing such a very superficial thing, to even prevent risk management and harm reduction in this instance.  

Notice that no point in that explanation, have I said, "lock him up"; all of this can be achieved before even discussing criminal justice. We are talking about the ability to protect children from sexual predation.  

Where are our dinghy-slashing lads, now?  

I thought this was about protecting women and children to you.  

Why is it so different, when the man is white?  

---
