I should probably note that a lot of my texts from other people who have been delayed by a few hours, and I just want to know that there is a lot of material that suggests that I'm still in centroid with a number of people who are absolutely kill us about how human beings process  emotions. It's very funny.  

---

[This seems fairly... expected.](https://youtu.be/fSRwknAXg0w?si=bhZnsQ9sOESpeC5g)  

---

[The idea of being that "controlled" after being "angry enough" to come in armed, is the impact of making it screen testable for male viewers.](https://youtube.com/shorts/d4ZJTToE1og?si=H7LZTofCHguB022X)  

[This is how every algorithm has been for me for some time; always underage, always a normalisation.](https://youtube.com/shorts/l2bQmH6_P0M?si=z4S_-hMrEZ0cZb_x)  

I don't know who herded all the nonces on the dark web and sent them over, but this was way before I was writing online.  

I might feel differently, had there not now been multiple attempts to prevent my use of formal safeguarding machnisms which are designed to protect from these impacts.  

One of the moments that repkays for me, when being led to a cell, is a male voice who says, "It is for your own good".  

Just be a good girl; don't ask questions.  

Who has a black book full of the people who say things like this, and do you still want them to hold influence?  

---

I am tired of being your raycat for these men.  

It's no way to live.  

---

[Product linage includes the ex-PM in the Epstein files, Ehud Barak.](http://youtube.com/post/UgkxZw2av1QluShOpdtnndBEPauFi24F0vaH?si=nNbcLPzZssKl6tN5) Tell me how it definitly isn't weaponisable for CSE, and I might feel better about it.  

---

I've been getting ads for celebrant training for some months now. Not always with the churches, more with local MP videos. It's weird.  
<!--Oh, I'm sorry, did that make someone uncomfortable? 🤣🤣🤣-->
<!--Yeah. Bit quieter when you see how easy it would be, isn't it? Googling took 2 mins, bruv. Behave yourself.-->
---

[We don't even really need the files, I just think the pressure is strategically useful.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5aShX/)  

We have surveillance states. We just need to look at who won't regulate, who helps with legal carve outs, who won't press public concerns, who fails to escalate, who signs off... all you ever need to ask is who benefits, and you find your harm network.  

If surveillance worked for the public good, there wouldn't be a trafficking ring this prolific over this long.  

Sounds scary, but less so that you think, when you realise how easy it is to undermine, to pressure, and to divest.  

You can force democracy; you can resist fascism.  

All totalitarian regiemes deserve resistance, especially ones made uo of a bunch of such losers.  

---

We do all realise that by having what is very CIA and NSA adjacent within the UK digotal ecosystem, that is a big part of why Russia keeps doing recon on our cable pipelines, and ultimately they can not only access but also penetrate? So we're jyst caught inbetween two dickheads flopping the big elephant-trunk-style dildos on their heads at each other, essentially holding us in deliberate stagnation, financially amd socially, because they're busy comparing who was the longest, floppiest, dildohead?  

I'm not seeing how this is the "Cool Britannia" as I was promised in the 90s when you sold this to me.  

---

["I don't know how it happened, and I'll never work out why, We consented for to lie down in this grave."](https://youtu.be/5eTMmK-JAmA?si=XQ12K2IkFLOT05_o)  

🎶:  

"In my primary school assembly, I sang with folded hands,  
Of green and pleasant lands where I was made.  
Now my autumn years approach me, my home's still England's soil;  
These days how I recoil from the parade,  
As we turn from compassion, leave our fellows out to die.  
Oh, who will slay the dragon of the 'me, myself, and I'?  
I don't know how it happened, and I'll never work out why,  
We consented for, to lie down in this grave.  
We consented for – to lie down in this grave.  

But I won't sing. I won't cheer every blunder,  
As they steer us toward the thundеr with our banners all unfurled.  
I won't sing.  
I won't raise my voicе in wonder.  
Serenade as we go under:  
'The best country in the world'.  

Now we're ex-Europeans. Oh, how sweet the hard-won freedoms! –  
...To turn desperate human beings from our shores without delay?  
And when school term is over, what's ten-thousand-odd Land Rovers,  
Queueing at the cliffs of Dover, but a price we're glad to pay?  
We must keep all for ourselves.  
Our empty supermarket shelves,  
Our overcrowded prison cells,  
our classrooms crumbling to bits.  
Striking doctors, striking teachers,  
and no railway lines to reach us.  
We would fight them on the beaches,  but the beach is full of shit.  
But the beach is full of shit.  

So I won't sing.  
I won't cheer every blunder,  
As they steer us toward the thundеr,  
with our banners all unfurled.  
I won't sing.  
I won't raise my voicе in wonder,  
Serenade as we go under: The best country in the world.  

Oh, three cheers for the drivers: we are science deniers.  
Surely petrol will supply us when East Anglia's submerged?  
Dig for coal, dig for "victory", and if that sounds contradictory  
To our goals for 2050? Well, we never meant a word.  
The lungs of London's boys and girls are filling up with poison.  
As the ocean slowly boils, we expand the motorway.  
Oh, you old fool, Britannia.  
Can you be so cruel, Britannia?  
Bow to fossil fuel, Britannia!  
It's your children who will pay.   
It's your children who will pay.  

So I won't sing!  
I won't cheer every blunder,  
As they steer us toward the thundеr with our banners all unfurled.  
I won't sing!  
I won't raise my voicе in wonder,   
Serenade as we go under.  
'The best country in the world'?  
'The best country in the world'!  

So don't sell me a story of a land of hope and glory.  
Well, this land was broke by Tories,  with their hands inside the till.  
And if you want me patriotic? **Put the people over profit** –  
But while they're getting richer off it?  
They never, they *never*, ever will.  

So let's hear you sing:  
For every balls-up and blunder,  
As we sail into the thunder,  
If it's all that we deserve.  

Let's hear you sing!  
All the world will watch in wonder,  
As we tear ourselves asunder –  
Never after to be heard.  

Let's hear you sing! –  
Won't you smile for the cameras?  
And you mind your fucking manners,  
As the storm begins to surge!  

Let's hear you sing –  
Like an ancient demon church choir,  
As you're fleeing from the wildfire,  
With these rotten bones of empire,  
Etched forever, with the words:  
'The best country in the world'."  

---

Ooh. First commit issue for a little while.. you don't like Grace Petrie? I think she's grand.  

Sadly, all of you did such a shit job with the book, that I am having to work a little hard, rather.  

Did quite like the Union Flag Queen, though.  

(I would fight you on the beaches, but as you refuse to nationalise the water industry, and the new regulations will fail the same way, the beaches may be full of shit for quite some time. Rather unsanitary.)  

---

Okay.  
Dictation has been taken away again.    
I've just realised how many songs by Grace have been deleted from my liked songs list.  
I guess that just moved sorting "move from spotify" up the priority list.  

This isn't "free market capitalism" 🤣🤣🤣, is it?  
I thought the prodicts and services were supposed to be, like, not-complete-shit under this economic model?  

(Is it because I block-played "No Woman Ever Wants To Be A Muse" too much?)  

"Because no woman ever wants to be a muse –  
To be dragged over hot coals,  
To be slandered, to be used,  
So you can sing the world your inauthentic blues,  
And be the bravest, be the smartest,  
The most deeply tortured artist.  
Tell me who in their right mind would ever choose,  
To be a muse."  

This is really recent; I've had the somgs on the liked main list within the last week or so.  

This could be towards Grace's algorithmic placement, or otherwise.  

They are using this for authoritarian capture across borders on a tranditional map.  

This really does make it easier to curate my media consumption: if you try to block it, I like it.  

Making legends out of us all, babes.  

---

How is unemployment treating you, or is it just not public yet?  

---

Marriage camps are quite a fascinsting proposal, in that that conceot didn't just enter someone's head, but they carried it out to a policy paper.  

I mean... some people are only ever good at one thing.  

Most of Hitler's top Reich were like that. Weird little men, like tortoises on fenceposts, often only committing atrocities because it made them feel more important.  

Sometimes it only takes hatred of the self, so cultuvated and uncorrected, that it ultimately gets externalised onto people who never deserved it.  

It seems flippant to make comments about the relevance and need of mental health care and community, but these are our best preservatives of our own humanity, and the best prophylaxis.  

This also stands as testimony, to how easy it is to *not* go Nazi.  

---

So: maybe listening to Grace Petrie is dangerous.  

Why was the vigil for Sarah Everard policed like that? Who advised it?  

This has strong overlap with specific concerns which were being discussed, and which shared contracting in the procurement ecosystem, in the 2016-2019 period.  

Who imported this from the US?  

This appears similar to other incidents of proven politically motivated escalation of tactics, flagged as "we have had intelligence that.."; it is not a concern of policing command, as much as who was advising politically on application of policing powers and on how police (who, can we remember, actually habe done this job for a long time prior) ought to conduct operations.  

That information transfer point is going to be a significant factor in capture, and I have some role suggestions.  

Specifically this is authoritarian/fascist/alt right capture, likely transatlantic in nature.  

Likely has a lot to say about Russian threats, despite being a Putin asset. Likely offended by the very suggestion, but.. come on, man.  

---

[Very useful for mapping out the likely influence of the Epstein network, and given that this was authoritarian and cult-like, a reasonable mapping exercise to start strategic planning to reverse capture.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5g7aJ/)  

No pasaran.  

This is also an extremely good example of where and when LLM use is extremely effective. & a reminder that the DOJ is performing incompetance out of policy choice. This is how easy it is for journalists to analyse; think of how easy it is for defence and law enforcement.  

Then ask why conviction rates are poor.  

[It true, tho.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5KHUX/)  

---

Getting lots of undermining stuff atm; weird algorithm. Larry: pls address. (Not the cat: he's great.)  

---

[After years of bullying parents into buying devices for children to account for strategy and budget lack during COVID, it is now, apparantly, parents' fault for those devices...causing child poverty? idk, man.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5XaAN/)  

The 1% just run their mouths.  

---

I think about the convergence in 2017 a lot.  

Cybernetics. Sound. Capital.  

Music is more powerful than we like to think it is.  

---

[Sky News, are you okay?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5VvNx/)  

This is presented as in the ten cities in the US, so normalised, and because we normalised Calais enampments for migrants, we are now normalising the headline issue here not being, "wis that's a lot of people who can't afford a home", into "the council is annoyed they are pooping on the Downs".  

If people were not priced out of housing, they would not be shitting in a fancy field.  

---

["Tax the rich".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf5XoUP/)  

You do all realise, too, that a lot of very rich people do think increased wealth tax is sensible, and not (just) as a findom thing?  

---

[Bro do you even realise what a good deal I would get under Sharia law tho? It's basically Halakha with feminist updates; I am down. You can run the bacon sandwich speakeasy. It'll be jokes.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfaSCkR/)  

You get all the pigs you want so bacon is even cheaper; literally what wre you complaining about?  

Oh. Wait.  

Sharia law imposes a few small limits on male culture:  

- women do not get legally absorbed into their husband's identity: this remains a point of contention today, ask any woman titled "Dr" married to a "Mr", but it shows up *frequently* for women  
- women have independent money and assets; they are not acquired by men at marriage  
- 50/50 does not exist; husbands are obligated to maintain women, even if the women are wealthy in their own right
- men give dowry to the bride, not her father; women are contracted with directly, rather than men contracting access upon her behalf
- women have to give positive consent for marriage; arrangements were actually common in white British communities in fairly recent history
- grounds for divorce are far more permissive in Islam compared to most iterations of Christianity, but maintain obligations to a previous spouse's wellbeing (for us if ee married a man, not for you males, obviously)

I could go on.  

If what you are scared of is something you don't understand, the internet has dictionaries and encyclopaedias.  

If what you want to say is that not all expressions of Islam are feminist, and this disadvantages women profoundly, this would also require consistency on your part for all violence against women.  

It is fascinating, however, that as the classical differences include a profoundly more protective status towards women, none of you have noticed this, and do not come ready to fight your argument.  

It suggests you have not even googled, "what is sharia law", which undermines your insistance that I ought to tolerate or listen to the vocalisations that you all seem to want to call your "opinions".  

The Arbitration Act is beneficial to the Jewish community as well, and is excusing you from the extra DEI sessions you would need to take, if we did not have this law.  

Do you want to have to do those modules? They'd be the click-through screens or a powerpoint, too. You know someone is going to say we can't just make it interactive and not a sadistic experiment of HR compliance.  
So what is it you people actually want?  

Diversity did not simply build this country, but what was consumed in cultural diversity gave Britain its imperial wealth and its current "home" culture.  

Do you really think "pyjama" is an English origin word?  

You cannot enjoy the products of diversity, and whine that you occaisionally hear a language you don't follow.  

(Do you want to know the most annoying thing about understanding the little Hindi that I do? I now cannot drown out couples having protracted conversations about their shopping lists, in the supermarket. That is what you are missing out on. Sometimes a conversation just is not relevent to you.)  

So.  

What is it you want?  

If it's to feel more complete for who you are, you will not find it by shitting on others. You will only find it by sitting with yourself.  

---

["It's all about the West's banks: call a ceasefire, then start annexing the West Bank."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfar5GU/)  

They are still spending all our taxes murdering and dispossessing Palestinians, by the way, so if he doesn't wsnt refugees, maybe Nigel Farage needs to join Palestine Action.  

Hopefully no CoI.  

---

[The 1% breaking their necks to not be the last man standing is a little amusing.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfaRqPE/)  

---

Just checked who is overdue for a SAR response.  

I think I found who "wrote" the crappy LLM book.  

That's funny.  

If very predictable.  

If you don't respond, it'll just give me longer to make SJWs out of you all. Lel.  

I get enough of it, to undermine it.  

Guess we're going to be talking about a lot of very hard leftist praxis. Enjoy.  

You've also given me a blueprint of some specifics in the book. Again, thank you for showing your hand. Again.  

As always:  

Fuck Nazis. x  

---

The convergance of Reform's interests, Labour's defence and foreign policy in 2022 - 2023 (and arguably onwards), and the underpinning if how to manuveor in the forged book, are all similar in respect of, "sit on the fence; teeth out, tits up".  

It only really makes sense if you're trying to pat a spolit little dog on the head and let it feel important, whilst trying to convince it that the master's olans are what is best for it, and it ought not to think too terribly much about threat exposure as a result.  

That isn't really selling being "Great" to me. We are an island of pirates with fancy wardrobes; we get bored.  

It's also weirdly handwavey about London's financial markets: "leave them as they are, they're fine!"  

Like cool but also this is why people are living in vans in Brighton, so Imma need to hard pass if it means we're not adequately addressing economic risk exposure, thanks.  

For some reason, we are also for a top down restructure of most of UK government. No. We're not doing Schmitty.  

---

Hey, so.  

Whoever has used the LP CRM to profile as a third party:  

The scoring is probility-based.  
It's not "me".  
So whatevervwe are tailoring around that, we can stop doing.  
I mean, practically every policy ranking is wrong, but it's okay, because that is just how things happen sometimes.  

But yeah.  
I don't really know why you'd rank a woman as a 4, put the policy scoring with childcare 10 and defence 1, and then expect a lower quartile turnout liklihood.  

Whoever wrote the code for this.. it's **very** gendered.  

Idk man. It might as well have the cells stacked in the shape of a weiner.  

It's also profoundly creepy, ngl.  

So I hope you didn't allow processing or transfer to anyone, because it also does show I'm a Jew, through relevant corrospondance.  

In fact, the more I look at it, thr worse I feel, because yeah... someone did get hold of this, and they were less than pleasant with it.  

Glad you think defection to the Tories is more likely than defection to Reform, though. You got that right. 

So the fact we also have disability status in there, is interesting. Especially when we look at where...  

Okay, so...  

I think I know what happened.  

And LFI's emphatic denials kinda look a bit weird, now.  

Yeah, I was really upset when I wrote that email, but can none of you see why?  

It's not against an individual; the speech was racist, and to be fair...  

None of you gave an answer to actually quite reasonable progressive questions. You just tried to force me to fit into a box.  

This was in March 2024.  

I now live with the sustained effects of targetting, that look a lot like this was the key CRM accessed.  

Please address.  

---

Ohhhhhh....  

I am one of those leftists Peter "Petey" Mandelson warns you about.  

"I now know that I cannot trust your party to safeguard me at all."  

I mean...  

Was I wrong?  

---

Serious note, though. You need to be honest about who saw that email, because I have dealt with some shit since then.  

And my alt right fanboy audience doesn't pay for their porn, so they ain't paying to get publically humiliated here, either.  

#BigInWhitehall  

Why am I still seeing what looks like test messaging in my feeds, then? That's not the GDPR usage guidelines.  

And someone started all the shit way before this.  

But that CRM pull?  
There was a really ruthless use of that by someone(s).  

Honestly, if I had to guess, screenshotted, sent around and laughed at on messaging, prob with some inappropriate shit...  

🤷‍♀️ Men, innit. Fucking useless.  

But that still doesn't answer everything prior to that.  

It just explains why it got so much worse at that point.  

[Nudged telecoms while writing this.]  
I don't know.. that SAR response was far more revealing about the culture of the boys' club, than it answers the origin point question.  

Interesting cut-off date, I'll give you that.  

---

See also:  

Literally, they will do *anything* but therapy.  

---

You know... I don't think Corbyn would have been into this bit. So really, I'm not wrong when I say he would have been a better protection as a Jew. Some of the abuse was really antisemitic, really badly.  

I just feel really gutted, because you can see what definitely hasn't been accounted for (I have been told previously there are third parties, but this email is now missing from their CRM pull, so there is active deletion of relevant material in spite of a retention snd deletion noticd being issued), and what I do have just looks like, "Mrs degree, barefoot snd pregnant" in numbers.  

Who is deleting?  

I also just feel very sad, as someone from that kind of place where your first party card feels like "a thing", like your blood donation card, that a party I felt would help people, has been part of how I have been harrassed, stalked, and racially and sexually abused.  

I don't know if this is regional or central, or who is actively interfering, but it just feels awful.  
There really does seem, also, as if there is a very strong and dedicated desire to misread me.  

I am not hard to read.  

---

[A good use of the Kanye meme.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfm8EWF/)

[Furthermore: this is why collective liberation will be the only route to liberation.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfmYC1g/)  

With respect to Mamdani's particular family story: if you are not seeing shared experiences of oppression, with family history of (at minimum) highly coerced colonial movement due to recent history Western imperial impacts? Don't come with any antiracism talk. It has to be on a mutual respect basis, to those also excluded from the oppressor class.  

We need to start talking about all of the different histories which bring people to diasporic movement. There is too much overlap, for the invocation of Holocaust memorial without mutual recognition of pain, to be a pathway to liberation.  

I think the involvement in budget comment is fair in both it being made by the Assemblyman, but also fair for the media critic to draw attention to as potentiallh highly open to misinterpretation. I wouldn't necessarily read the comment as deliberate positioning, just attempting to steamroll in.  

I do often wonder how much behaviour like this has roots in needing to be this aggressive with white men, and being deeply ignorant of how we are "the white people" to others, quite frequently.  

James Baldwin had an essay in Harlem and the relation of the Black community and the Jewish community, which would be very well placed, here.  

---

[Whoever is feeding Cabinet risk information, keeps missing out the threat posed by alt right actors.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfuSo5R/)  

Also: what are the risks to the public? This is a direct action groupo that hypertargets on a soecific industry, often safety planning to minimise personal harms, so I am a little unclear. I am not actively ignoring the injured officer in one case; I haven't seen enough information in the public domain to fully appreciate the context of this. There isn't enough previous footage to understand the full event. That doesn't mean I'm minimising injuries, as much as that because of how insurance and risk works in UK law, the circumstances of the event were somewhat unclear from piblic domain material.  

---

To whomever mishandled this data:  

Have enough Jewish people been targets of violence yet, or do you require an additional number of us to be attacked, before the Jewess can be taken seriously?  

Arre there a specific number of marginalised people that a community must lose, before the loss counts as worthy of emotional responce; and just to confirm, where the sacle is between 0 and 1, what is the appropriate multiplier for how whote Jews are right bow? Because that number bounches nore than the stock madket.  

I just wondered how high the threat level actually needs to be, before the white English boys might wind their ne ls in?  

I'm also curious: how many of you knew about the complexity of funeral planning whilst I was getting all this shot? Bruv. Do you think you'd handle it? 🤣   

How much is tgis treatment of citizens who piss off policy boys, tolerated by the ecosystem?  

Whatever the reasons, we prob need to fix that post-Epstein.  

---

To paraphrase two Jewish authors who are usually accepted by the establishment (although we are all, always, conditional):  

- Have there been enough dead Jews yet?
- Or, do Jews still not count?

(I can disagree with them about Palestine, and still agree with significant premises of their work about Jewish diasporic identity.)  

So: Are there enough dead Jews yet, and do Jews still not count?  

That's my query.  

I assume in March 2024, the answerswere no and no, and I just wanted an updated figure.  

(I bet a bunch of these people have "the serious photo" of them at Auschwitz, or "the 'it touched me' Anne Frank House photo". Y'all are so weird.)  

---

[The UK is the third largest global consumer of *livestreamed* child pornography, and that's not per capita, that's "third largest", and you guys... think you sorted the CSE problem?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfH52BU/) What has the surveillance industry actually been doing all this time?? (Other than wanking to a bunch of surveillance feeds which are "critical" to national security.  

Am I allowed to criticise PREVENT yet, for being the racist, child-endangering shit that it is?  

---

[Norge adding to its Chloe-approval matrix.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfH45bU/)  

["Police said they have already asked Norway’s foreign ministry to lift Mr Jagland’s diplomatic immunity, which he retains from his time as secretary general of the Council of Europe."](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/norway-thorbjorn-jagland-epstein-investigation-b2915270.html)  


---

[Oracle really doing their bit for the Epstein class. This is becoming common for coverage.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf9LC75/)  

Just release the damn files.  

---

Last car has left, now.  

I don't think people realise how intimidating the placement is, because I literally can't leave without a bunch of people sat with laptops in their cars, in a non-loading bay.  

Amazing how the street usage has changed since March 2024.  

So if the Labour Party can kindly work out whose goons these are, and tell them to get lost, that would be cool.  

Something really shitty happened with "a private investigator" that year, and I cannot take this "VAWG strategy" seriously tbqh.  

---

OH MY GODS GUYS THE SENTIMENT ANALYSIS INFORMS THE REFORM BOTS AND COMMENT FARMS THIS HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL.  

[Look at the timing for the farmed comments. Compare with commit history for this exact node.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf9Cyga/)  

I can only control the tokens chosen, not the interpretation.. but there are people who know how to have fun with this. Let me know and I'll write it.  

---

*ahem*  

"Yeah.  
Stand for something or fall for anything.  
I'm sick, but it's game time, Ayy –  

The world's on fire, we don't own the water, y'all.  
Inmates hired for a couple dollars, y'all.  
New era ushered, but white supremacy is still in charge.  
Talkin' colonizing Gaza from the White House lawn.  
But the people mobbin', and we ain't backin' off.  
Finally see the oligarchy and men that control us all.  
Tax breaks for the elite, and then they taxin' y'all.  
Killin' Palestinian kids and we gettin' hit with the cost.  
Why the f*ck you think you can't afford the rent in your building?  
And you can't afford groceries? In debt, in your feelings,  
And you know how the West thinks,  it's all about the West's banks.  
Call a ceasefire, then start annexing the West Bank.  
How you think Israel gets money for the best tanks?  
And Netanyahu loves Trump, he's like, "Yup, thanks!"  
That's your money, and yes, it's all connected,  
And they controllin' your feed, the information that they censor.  
Blockin' hashtags, can't say "#FreePalestine" –  
It's two weeks in, think where we'll be around July..  
But you know us Americans, outta sight, outta mind.  
And they know it, too that's why they runnin' game on our lives.  

They got us fucked up.  

You can bomb a mosque, but you can't bomb faith.  
You can kill people, resistance grows in the wake,  
And while our president sends billions to Israel's safes,  
Ethnic cleansing's never gonna make Israelis feel safe.  
More blood, more weapons, more money, more oppression,  
More hate, more fear, more walls, and more settlements.  
The colonizer just spoke to us at the White House –  
What we said was gonna happen is happening right now.  
Nah, they marchin' home, yeah, that's resilience.  
Millions celebrating like the world was walking with 'em.  
You in the palm of God? No man will ever catch you flinchin'.  
They can never burn the olive tree that lives within 'em.  
The next four years, it's time to ride.  
F*ck ICE, free Congo, Sudan, and Palestine.  
If you still haven't said shit about the genocide?  
Know your grandkids one day are gonna ask you, "Why?"  

They got us fucked up."  

---

"Oy, ir narishe tsionistn", next?  

Also, all of you denying that uou don't know who Generic_Voice_Of_British_Jewish_Women_FINAL.wav is, either means you're not at the "cool table" in your own club, or you're dumb af, or you're just not committing it to paper (which if this was the case, it would mean you are not answering SARs lawfully).  

Oh, acheinu.  

---

I've just bowed out of a group call because there was enough tech interference that I wanted to remove myself as a shitmagnet.  

These are conversations about motions etc, so I don't feel comfortable being a digital gateway.  

Interesting how much datamining if a UK citizen has been done, and yet apparantly, a number of large firms doing exactly that, in my area, can't flag the unlawful activity, or the ongoing threats.  

[I thought you guys had been an AML product, too, and when you think about this.. does make me wonder wtf Palantir actually do.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfxeMW5/)  

Did you actually have a good batting aberage for IED pick-up? What do you define as "good"? I just have so many questions.  

Anyways.  

I'm tored of having to cut up everything in my life, because a bunch of people sold data or didn't protect it from mining.  

I got profiled as a terrorist as a teenage girl be ause I was a teenage girl, then as a Jew for being a Jew, and since 2023 my life has been intense enough that what has been done with this stack of data, deserves more than the shrug and the ignorance its getting.  

Don't pretend Palestine Action is the biggest safety threat to Jewish women; the Zionist lobby, largely the arms and big tech industries dressed up to look as if they care about Jewish safety, is the biggest threat to Jewish safety in Britain.  

Palestinians have borne with the crines committed in the name of Zionism for so long, and so I turn to Palestinian society to model my resistance, when you make acess to Jewish resistance harder through digital means.  

From the river to the sea, may all of Palestine be free.  

From the sea to the river, may Palestine live forever.  

---

In what I'm sure is incredibly unrelated: Why is Elbit Systems UK relying so much on the current Cabinet to justify Palestine Action proscription, and, has the Embassy been upfront about how the intelligence has been gathered?  

---

It's really disturbing, that we're still here, now.  

I'm signing off for a bit because I just need to let it out a bit. I haven't been able to let emotions oit in this spectific way since before Oct 2023, mostly because white people.  

Hamas has never harmed me. Palestine Action has never harmed me. Zionism has harmed me, and I have a shopping list of harms, because it has been so racist snd so destructive and so misogynistic.  

---

[Money and power. A key method of working class resistance to the 1%, was sold for money and power. Hinger strikers were almost murdered by the British state. This was done to get a small slither of men rich.](https://open.substack.com/pub/jonathancook/p/ch4-doc-shows-starmers-ban-on-palestine?r=2su0oh&utm_medium=ios)  

In a further act to divide workers, people acting as security and police were injured; it is impossible to exclude the role in which risk assessment, operational planning, and workplace factors may have had on increasing the risk of injury, from the limited footage and knowledge.  

If risk was inflated, and if intellegence was potentially prejudiced, this undermines any downstream risk assessment; this would have made it more likely for policing tactics to be escalated, and once CS gas is utilised, if someone is holding a heavy tool, and they can hear a female screaming or shouting, it is hard to blame them personally for their reflective actions.  

Elbit Systems UK and the Israeli Embassy of London, owe the British public transparency on this matter.  

You cannot claim that this was protecting against antisemitism, unless you admit what your definition of antisemitism is: not one which remembers the Holocaust to prevent, but one which ibstrumentalises Holocaust survivorship to excuse, genocide.  

---

MI5, MI6, and GCHQ, all ought to be called to provide transparency on what they know of intellegence-gathering and surveillance, and extend this to earlier than merely 2023.  

Due to MI5's prexisting record regarding disclosures to Courts, we mist have a Hillsborough law, with no carve-outs which allow security dishonesty under oath.  

Lying does not protect the Realm – it exposes it to unacceptable levels of risk.  

---

Given that [this](https://www.thejc.com/news/uk/government-appeal-palestine-action-ruling-brpa43al) is the messaging put out supposedly to be "middle ground" within the British Jewish community, these levels of transparency are not a big ask.  

If you want me to back these claims, after seeing so many high-risk stories about the potential personal safety risk to Jews in the UK this week in the BBC from melaninated men specifically (ISIS aligned, not anything related to Palestinian protection from genocide), I would need this transparency to believe that establishment UK actors are not simply instrumentalising fear in the British Jewish community, and manipulating this in order to lobby for harm-inducing industries, which are *trief* in halakhically-compliant business and finances.  

If you need to convince me there is an imminent physical risk to me, and clister this with racialised tropes of Muslim men, in order for me to believe that there is enough of a risk to life to ignore the laws and traditions of Judaism, do we think that that may be somewhat disingenuous, as well as evidence of profiling and targetting us as a racialised group, purely for economic interests of a select financial interest, althougher removed from Britannia's actual material and defence interests of her own Realm?  

Given that the same business network was pushing a narrative around the monarchy being outdated, presumabky to deflect from the evidrnce already available from DOJ disclosures, which should prompt inquiry and investigations within the UK, what reassurances am I supposed to gain from undermining the Crown?  

Furthermore, as many of these networks benefit from NHS and public sector privatisation, and lobbying within academia, what reassurances am I supposed to take from this, when the current US administration used these tactics whilst instrumentalising Jewish fear, before using this environment to ask academies and employers for lists of Jews?  

The threat posed by Christian Zionists, who genuinely beliebe in sending all Jews to historic Palestine and then setting off a nuclear bomb, is completely ignored by the British establishment.  

Even the most violent and brutal interpretation of the risk capabilities of Hamas, is *nowhere close* to "send them all to Jerusalem, and murder them with thermonuclear technology, because End of Days".  

This is religious extremism which targets Jews. It is now normalised in the US Executive, and you are ignoring it.  

Don't tell me anything you are doing is about "protecting Jews", when this is a likely source of advice, coercion, and "intelligence".  

---

You can literally argue that post-1967 State of Israel is a post-Operation-Paperclip-CIA-flavoured psyop, it's that bad.  

Paperclip was always a terrible idea; Nazi scientists were dumb af.  

It wasn't "Jews taking over the academies" – it was yall being too lazy to come up with the goods in chemistry class yourselves.  

---

[Is it because antifascism gets the goods, DHS?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfxsaLK/)

---

[The edit is so good but I will also need to erase it from my brain.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfxsW6t/)  

---

[How many millions? Enough to say that this is a choice, to be involved in the genocide actively.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfxTWvf/)  

---

[Whoever mirrors me gets so triggered by James Small-Edwards.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQBwcJ/) Good work, sir.  

---

[So many of us are having to do this. Why? Because it isn't just, "Israel is a terrorist state"; this statement lacks the fuller picture, that the "Western civilisation" we have written, as a whole, is an arteficial construct, written to empower paedophiles and genociders, and if this is what we have to do to cover for those men and women, we'll do it, no matter the cost.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQd832/)  

[Any government aides wish to comment?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQAncS/)  

---

[Bonus question: What type of regiemes rewrite history to suit their own narrative wishes?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQr95R/)  

---

[Hey, so. NSFW, and we need to have a conversation with more vanilla audiences who are just confused about the dentistry thing.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQDNSu/)  

Human beings can have a range of kink which are essentially neutral, but that can be weaponised in any sexual activity that is non-consensual (I am including any sexual activity towards those under age, as automatically non-consensual).  

I also want to flag as someone who is a survivor of childhood sexual abuse which includes rape, and includes all rape, that I'm about to talk about things that personally are very triggering for me with my PTSD, and I'm flagging it up but if that's your experience, you might wanna risk assess around that for the rest of this.  

There have been a couple of convicted sexual offenders in the UK who are actually dentists, who assaulted their patients whilst drowsy or partially under anaesthetic.  

That are also a number of people who do not have this professional background, you have a profound fixation on, and derive objective sexual pleasure from elements of: manipulating the mouth, or instrument usage in the mouth, or the feeling of latex in the mouth, or indeed, the very "surrendered" position of the dentistry chair.  

There is a lot of overlap here between the history of gynaecology obstetrics during the 19th century, particularly in the fixation of arriving women from agency, due to puritanical values within western culture.  

It seems highly likely that this man had a fetish around this, and it's worth noting that a fetish can be just about an object itself, or it can be contextual. The example I'm going to use it quite easy and it's not going to be about this area. Shoes are a really good example of this. do you have a purely shoe fetish, is actually to find the object itself pleasurable, and those people in particular, don't tend to have as much opinion on whose feet are in them or other associated elements. This tends to be a pure objectification. Someone who may not have a pure fetish by itself exclusively, but for whom that is part of submission or boundaried humiliation, for example, may actually have a lot of preferences about shoes, or may in fact just find that they only ever find it additionally sexy, when it's somebody that they love and trust her in an intimate partnership with, and this might just be something where it adds to the experience. Human beings are very complicated, and we have a huge range of responses, it's really difficult to cover all of that, but it's worth understanding that a lot of people have a lot of wide range and that doesn't necessarily have to be extracted or exploitative, there are lots of examples of this where it's just a bit of a human peculiarity.  

The really big red line, and a lot of people pretend that this is a lot more blurred than it is in reality, it's about consent, it's about coercion, it's about exploitation.  

So that we're really clear, whilst this is a subject of much nuance and much discussion, there are huge differences between for example 2 people who are really consenting as adults to engage in something which is essentially like play but has grown ups, and has a sexual element to it, and scenarios where there is a disparity of power, where there is the capacity for collision the capacity for manipulation, and absolutely it is exploited in an extract where one party is under age and one party is not.  

I'm going to put aside any activities that engage in higher physical risk, because I feel like that's an extra layer to the conversation, but let's have a look at this dentistry thing briefly.  

It is unclear in what we can see so far to what extent the dentistry thing was sexual, but the way in which the images are being presented, the room that has this paraphernalia in it, the increased amount of references, suggest that this was someone's fetish or kink, and that was either Epstein himself or someone very close to him.  

If that was in a situation where it was mutually consenting adults, and where there wasn't the additional extract Walker aware of or exploitative elements, that would be perfect perfectly fine. They're grown-ups and they're doing it in private, let them do whatever weird shit they wanna do.  

It is an entirely different situation where abuse is involved, because these elements can add a increased degree of pain, and can increase specific trauma symptoms being likely to occur, but also fundamentally, if you are there with quite niche items that Taylor to a very niche sexual fetish, and you are engaging in sexual abuse of someone, then that is a degree of pre-planning and pre-meditation, which is far more dangerous and far more risky, than for example a less planned but still violent and abusive act.  

There is a certain amount of probably just accepting that a lot of this dentistry stuff is sexual for either Epstein himself or someone close to him, but something that could come out out of the further files, or could be something that needs to be provided into, as if there was any use of additional agents towards victims, and this would include an aesthetic agents and sedatives. This may also be relevant for some survivors, although this is something that we probably shouldn't speculate on for the survivors you are very bravely giving their testimony and the survivors who have requested specifically not to be named but have been named. The reason that this could be relevant is either because of the psychological impact of that activity being added to the traumatic event, or indeed any injuries that are physical as a result of the way in which that abuse occurred. This is not going to be an exhaustive list, but some of the first things that you would think of would be any potential brain damage from anaesthetic agents, any cardiac or respiratory complications, any hepatic or renal injury, but also physical injury to the oral cavity to the far to the larynx, you essentially be looking at that whole windpipe and gullet and nose and teeth area. A really good type of person to advise on this for journalists, would be somebody who was a specialist in anaesthetics, or a specialist in dental surgery, or a maxillofacial specialist surgeon. These people have significant training in that area of the body, and complications that can arise an aesthetic agents, but also from instrument use and blunt force trauma to that area.  

There are specific additional risks that come from non-specialists intervening within that area of the body, and this is a particular area of training for medics as well as other healthcare professionals, for example we have what's called the danger triangle which is relevant to things like infection becoming meningitis, but we're also looking at involvement of other structures, this is an area where bleeding can be particularly problematic, and also where sedation is used by people who do not understand or or not trained, or are using it in a negligent manner, can make the muscle muscles around your throat so weak that they don't hold your airway open properly.  
This is related to one of the two most common causes of death when you see newspaper articles about men who are very rich very powerful and have died as a result of something that they did with a sex worker. The other means is usually because they've taken something like Viagra at the same time they've taken something like poppers.  

The reason that I'm putting this out that is because I know that some people are following this page for this sort of content about what to look for from a OSINT point of view. I'm going to be very specific here and put those a massive trigger warning, not just for the survivors from this case although they are incredibly important to you, but also you're looking at survivors from abuse like that Gisèle Pelicot survived, as well as a huge number of people who have been either or really raped or who have been abused during what should be routine practices that are general for health reasons.  

In particular, something that I'd like to address across the board, because I see this done quite a lot by establishment media as well not just smaller content creators, is that it's really important to hold the line on consent and the lack of ability to consent when you are under age, but also to be clear on coercion (if someone agrees to X, it is not okay to pressure them into Y), and then in addition, this is not something to either demonise or to glamorise. The reason that it's important not to villainise it is because a number of survivors do heel from but also are shaped by their trauma, and so it may be that there's very small references to that dynamic which they occasionally explore with somebody they love and trust; we are going to choose to be the bigger people and not judge them for that. The reason that it is important not to glamorise it however, is because we need to send a very clear message to everyone but particularly to men and boys, but it's not okay and it's definitely not sexy and it's definitely not glamorous to be a rapist. It is far more attractive to be knowledgeable of consent knowledgeable of boundaries and be able to talk about what you like and don't like with a partner in a way that is not coercive, and except that they might not like the same things as you.  

One of the biggest risks of these files being published in the way that they've been published, and having a non-schedule from the department of justice in the United States, is that we are losing track of having the very important sexual education conversation that has to go alongside this, especially when these people were the people who held significant power over our media our news coverage, but also over our policy decisions. The people involved in this network have realistically had a significant impact in what we are taught in sex education at school.  

If we want to survive through this, as a surviving population of the cover-up and the distrust and the betrayal by government, well then some of us will also be abuse survivors of these people themselves, keeping ourselves grounded through that and just being very honest when we don't understand something, but also keeping the line on what is appropriate and what's not appropriate, and not needing to add any additional spin to the scenario, all of those things will be really helpful for us as a group to get through and to survive, and not to re-traumatise ourselves as an entire population to the extent that we passed this trauma onto our children and put our children a higher risk of sexual violence.  

But yeah, to lighten it up a little bit:  

Some grown-ups like weird things. That is perfectly okay in relationships of mutual trust and respect. It is a completely different scenario, with anyone whose abuse is part of the Epstein files; these were exploitative situations, and in many cases they were statutory rape of minors.  

survivors of any sexual finance will have very different impacts from that experience, and it shouldn't be judged whether or not they are completely at first or something, no matter how strange or specific that seems, and it also shouldn't be judged if they with appropriate safeguards do have some overlap with experiences they enjoy later down the line. On the latter point, we'd have to say that no survivor of childhood sexual violence should have sex as an adult, if we're going to start to police on experiences with similarity.  

Again, this latter conversation is best explored with sexual violence advocacy alongside experts in trauma recovery from a clinical psychology background.  

An easy rule of thumb to follow with this, is that if you villainise something you are highly likely to be shaming and humiliating some survivors, and if you glamorise something you are almost certainly essentially talking at least one of these nonsense through one of their favourite sexual fantasies, and allowing them to revisit the abuse that they have inflicted upon those survivors.  

---

Because of how dynamic and responsive the algorithmic product untied into ear, and also how the counterterrorism and policing space just simply won't entertain the fact they've got anything to answer for when I'm clearly targeted significantly online, but specifically in this idea of me as a sexualised child, it's really difficult for me to believe realistically that there isn't an AI product which has probably originated as a dual use item, whether dual use wasn't part of the initial proposal, but essentially at some point down the line, this product has been repurposed for other purposes, almost certain the including something to do with the sexual gratification of men who are attracted to underage girls.  

The fact that the UK academic space where my data has been exposed, is so dismissive and so evasive even though there's really clear markers for high risk data safeguarding, makes me wonder exactly how knowledgeable they are of exactly what they've done and what they've participated in.  

If anyone has, for example, made a large amount of money from selling essentially an AI sex chatbot of a sexualised version of me as a child, I think I'd like to take possession of those funds back into my own power, so I can spend it on things that would actually help survivors of sexual violence rather than whatever pissing up the wall you guys have done.  

I look at the last 10 years of my life, and it's really hard to not think of the lost opportunity, but also not to be quite aware of how few people you need to do a large amount of harm to someone's life, knowing that I am not and will never be the only person who has been subjected to behaviour like that from those men.  

So when, for some reason, the party that holds the most political power in my area, covers my constituency, can't answer me on any level, or whether they can answer me. There are clear missing portions of the record, it does make me wonder how I'm even supposed to challenge anything, given the fact that academia is also part of this story, that through those two networks and awful of services are all in a dependency network, and the police and justice services have essentially refused to document or raise investigation for provable leaking of Court testimony of a child rape case, for no reason that makes any sense. again with significant deletions appearing to be in this area.  

It's just really hard to believe that the reason that I'm not being messed around is because you dumb fuck I've done something you shouldn't have fucking done with my data.  

And when people do fucking dumb shit like that, I have to wonder, where is the money that you're hiding from me, and why aren't you spending on trauma care?  

The idea that you lied about my nationality, and my crown servant status, in order to facilitate this?  
Clearly, we are not on the same planet, my brother.  

---

Given that the core cluster of British man who are very adjacent to me, algorithmically, are significantly fearful of and interested in the degree of disclosure around the Epstein files, to me strongly suggests that there are British people and British organisations which are in that case, and that we do need to have the full release, for Britain's national interest.  

---

[No one is anywhere near angry enough.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfQtm1w/)  

---
