[This?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUQsrWs/) No.  
I keep talking about stability until control is reestablished. This would involve Cabinet ministers not losing their rag. You guys need to see this as you are the customer service in a place where the customer is always number one, even if they require more contextual information and require apologies, before they wre able to grasp why what they are asking is not possible due to the laws of physics.  
Many survivors of sexual violence in this country barely sleep most nights, and still have to do those jobs. You can do it.  

Also this dude protected genocide money in local government pensions, but the mainstrean media benefits too much from deregulation in a state with a de facto apartheid to actually allow journalism to happen on any of that.  

Do you know how close it is to bankrupcy? A lot closer than is openly reported. Again, giving the CCP easy good headlines in the West; I don't actually believe you all care about any economic threat China represents. Financing apartheid is historical Britain's favourite hobby, and it's always expensive to the national purse whilst financially beneficial only to the few.  

And you can all think that criticism of tone is as unfair as you like, and that the media is equally as guilty or more so. This is how stupid the rules of engagement are for a huge majority of people in this country. The moment any of us complain, we are the problem.  

In some situations, you have to swallow the shit and be polite and appear like a swan across water, even when being kicked and prodded and yelled at and insulted to your face.  

Welcome to how it works. Get some tea and let's not have a Reichstag Fire moment. I don't want the seal man as dictator in chief.  

Fyi, things like [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUQubDu/) are credible, align with the course of conduct over many years by the IDF and affiliated services, are strongly corrolate with the crimes which make up the crime of genocide as a whole, and are why I spend so much time trying to take money as a resource away from those military and affiliated forces.  

These financial resources enable these abusers. This abuse and violence often requires force to stop, and financial force is "non-violent" in a governmental understanding, to most people. It's also why, if all of you have gifted Israel rights over my data as if I am a citizen, they would view me as a terrorist under one of the core statutes of the state.  

When we say it's all connected, I don't think many people truly appreciate what a tangled up mess it is.  

And you know...  

The Epstein files are not irrelevent to the actions post-Oct 07, but most of the more obvious evidence for that, will be in the redactions.  

If you think that's sone wild theory, I suggest you look at the financial connections, investments, and how the Middle East is discussed throughout. Also note who they monitored, and it's not hard to see circumstantial evidence in there.  

And consider how Nazi-adjacent Epstein's beliefs and actions were.  

Baby camp? That's actual shit that happened in the US to people who were violated by enslavement, and the organisation of it is very similar to shit the SS did in the detail.  

The man wasn't a genius. He was an abusive piece of shit, and a control freak, with a highly inflated sense of self.  

[RTE getting their claws out. Love it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUCRLn2/)  

It's also worth noting, I'm not criticising people who are asking for a step down. I am just hyper aware of the alternate because I've been exposed to so much content because of who has been very interested in looking at me. This is placed me algorithmically in a scenario where I am very very aware of the risk that Reform UK pose, and I'm very aware that they are taking that by-election to be a marker of whether they can progress with what is essentially a plan for UK-specific consolidation of political power. They will not be keeping things this democratic, if they get enough of a vote to situate themselves as the ruling party.  

They aren't even set up as a legal vehicle of a political party, presumably because this impacts control and financial transparency. The red flags for authoritarianism are everywhere.  

It's not that I think the Labour government and its current form is great. It's not that I don't think it would need significant changes to continue, without tanking democracy further. It's that I really don't want to have to have an increase in botched immigration enforcement, and violence towards the poor, the immigrant, the feminine....  

The reason that I keep comparing this around the Reichstag Fire, is that my chief concern here is that we are altogether too fascist right now anyway, but that the turquoise political organisation in particular, represents a real threat to consolidation of that power in a more formal way, and frankly I am not in the mood for more fascists.  

Quite frankly, if the mainstream media actually gave a shit about survivors, it would be pressing for the full release of the Epstein files in the US, and it would start asking a lot more people, including Nigel Farage, what the fuck they were doing hanging around with a massive nonce.  

A none so noncey that he bought an island to do all his noncing on, and set up his own little club of nonces to industrialise noncing with. His investments were often largely not "clever", but various iterations of trying to make it easier to be a nonce. That's how big of a nonce he was. He was like a nonce with an agenda.  

At least with Mandelson it's like we all knew, I don't think we can also say we were lied to - it was very obvious. He was an existing slimeball and we all knew he was a slimeball, and I thought that's why when we suddendky realised the US was losing its shit, we sent off the one man who can slither up anyone's trouser leg to deal with the orange guy. In broader reality, a lot of people, including but not limited to Nigel Farage, are not being fully honest about their connections in this.  

He has been asked once I think by mainstream media, he's given one sentence. For me personally, that doesn't bail you out of scrutiny. If Reform UK are refusing questions on this, that is relevant and useful and they are necessary omissions for the public to know.  

Again, this is why I'm not absolutely desperate to change leadership, when it is the full circus of the thing that is a problem. The MPs who are calling for step-down, and who are also saying, "our working culture here is a huge problem", deserve respect and protection from retaliation. If they are perceiving that, and openly saying it in the House, they will be targeted, and they are assets to a healthy democracy. We should be making sure they are okay.  

Finally, I don't think the former director of public prosecutions is the entire problem when it comes to cutting ties with nonces in Whitehall. People can keep saying that he should've exercised better judgement; actually it appears that this entire part of society in this very small area of London, thrives off decision-making that looks like this, and continuously reinforces making these choices, and never brings the amount of scrutiny required that assist the British public in making a full informed choice on election day. It's why a lot of the public found Reform attractive, and accepted the bits of Reform they might not fully agree with.  

If the BBC was really acting as a public service broadcaster, it would be asking Farage some questions. Frankly, I don't even need to know about sexual crimes at this point, as much as I need to know why there were financial links to the Epstein network, and why there was funding from people like that. I probably also need any ties to Steve Bannon, NatCon, and BJ (that blonde thing in charge of the COVID clusterfuck) explaining.  

If you exploit people in one way you tend to exploit them in other ways, as well. It is very clear from the released files, that there was a lot of money being used for political purposes, it is very clear that what this group wanted was a increasingly authoritarian world, presumably so they could continue doing whatever the fuck they wanted and feel like big men, when really inside they were and are little boys who have never grown up.  

There is really easy questioning here for the British media, because Nigel Farage has made such a song and dance about violence against women and girls, when it is perpetrated by men who are not originally from this country, and it will be so easy to ask why the fuck you decided to do any business with men who are not from this country, who were clearly noted for their violence against women and children.  

If you really gave a shit about what you say you're giving a shit about, why did you have anything to do with this man?  

It would be so easy right now for the Conservatives, (not for the Labour party, that will look like weasel behaviour), the Liberal Democrats, the BBC, the mainstream media as a whole, to just ask the fucking questions.  

And if the man gets shirty, if the people in that party get shirty, all you need to do is say exactly what they would say in the same scenario:  

"I'm just asking questions."  

This is what makes me feel like a lot of the people are calling for Starmer's resignation are so unserious about the actual root cause issue.  

This is also why I'm not bothered when it's somebody who shows that they would absolutely ask these questions if they could and they had that standing, when they say he should go. I'm okay with the call from this crowd.  

It's the consistency and lack of consistency issue for me. It's a really good microcosm of why the British public is so frustrated and drained by this small tiny little area of London and this very small clique of people, who deal in politics and papers.  

If your excuse is that you might upset the donors or the investors, then you're really just giving the same reason that he was made ambassador, and you don't really have shit to say to the Labour Party, do you?  

Glass houses. Rocks.  

---

Whichever one of the Nazis or nonces (or both, you can be both) is messing around with connectivity and payments and stock in the last 24 hours, you are invited to desist. Whilst I'm sure it makes you feel like a very big boy, in reality it is making you look somewhat pathetic and a bit... "hormonal".  

If that's the best you can manage at pretty reasonable questions being asked, I'm not sure what to tell you.  

It doesn't look very manly.  

If anyone's playing on the correct hat team, this is primarily done through Apple Pay, I'm not sure who the financial service transferring is. I'll test the "just card" issue only portion at some point.  

I don't want hear anything about the Sabbath when it is quite normal for these services in my life to be interfered with on a regular basis, which means that I'm often doing things opportunistically, and not on a normal person schedule.  

I don't have the luxury of being able to sit down and do a task and it goes through at that time. I have to make the best of what I have, and I'm hardly the only person experiencing this.  

This has become very normal for survivors and whistleblowers, in both of UK and the United States. There are a number of behaviours which appear to be generated by systems, which look a lot like "passive" intolerance. I use the word passive because it appears to be mathematically driven, and it would be something where plausible deniability would be desired by whoever would design it that way.  

I obviously can't think of any contractors at all.  

(On a genuine point, I don't actually know the contractor, but I do know a lot of contractors whose systems are aligned like this, in a manner that would not be clear to legal or procurement.)  

& you know as discussed...  

Some of you apparently could not check my nationality and just went along and didn't question it when another country made claim to me, when they would consider me a terrorist under their own laws.  

& obviously it's fine to stop the banking of a terrorist. All that washi tape... no normal human has that much washi tape; she must be doing something with it...  

I make fun of it, because otherwise I have to accept what it means that you were antisemitic to me, and philosemitic to them.  

Philosemitism is antisemitism, but knowing and confronting what your good Jew/bad Jew axis is, is particularly painful.  

The deliberate eradication of Yiddish has never fully been halted.  

---

I'm going to laugh so hard when the sentiment analysis returns:  

- keep PM in seat  
- washi tape trending
- Farage not trusted
- more Yiddish access requested

This is why you shouldn't flatten British Jewry to one voice.  

Absurdist humour is too pervasive in the culture.  

(Huge parts of the community will specifically be pissed that you chose "someone like her", but I appreciate that as a "product", I was probably missold by some goy who talks their way up and down and in and out of everything.)  

Perhaps I ought to be slightly grateful to the Jews in the diaspora I disagree with most. Your stress testing told me more than the many years prior, even when I was nomially Israeli property.  

I'm not grateful for the downstream impact of instructions to fix the "problem", but I am grateful for being able to see how the mechanism worked.  

I feel like that could've just been an email, though.  

Before anyone misreads this, the vast majority of the people involved with the harms were white and British and not Jewish. Don't flatter yourselves by trying to palm off the blame.  

---

[I think she believes what she's saying](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUVHFex/), but this is sort of the inheritance downfall of these interviews at this time...  

You're asking someone to confront the fact that someone they believe believed and trust trusted did not tell the truth to them and not tell the truth to them on purpose.  

The arm placement is very different on someone who is in the earlier Tanner stages of puberty, than it would be on an adult, even if you were incredibly slim at the time.  

Where are weight goes changes alongside development of secondary sex characteristics, and these are hormone driven during the years of our puberty.  

To some extent, I just need people to have looked after children enough, but there are also several examples of this, and it's really cruel because it's creating another round of victims.  

This is obviously not the same experience and pain and hurt as those who have suffered the trafficking and abuse and rape, and have survived as adults.  

However, it is worthy of note that if we had the full files, that the survivors have asked for, and that legally should be provided, we would not be having these questions and these conversations.  

When we see interviews like this, unless those people have indicated in the future, we are setting them up to lose all of their credibility as a person, and this is at the same time that we are saying that the Prime Minister should not keep his position, due to being lied to.  

This is all very difficult, because it really positions anyone who is a survivor and anyone who was a victim, as being to blame for having given out any trust at all into the world.  

It also punishes anybody who is not hyperparanoid.  

We are currently exhibiting some really unhealthy society patterns right now, and this is a really good opportunity to start changing that.  

If you get conned by conmen who were operating at an international level, do you know what? I think that puts you into a very standard human experience, and we really should acknowledge how it is actually very easy to be scammed and very easy to be conned, as humans. Trust is a prosocial characteristic. It is not a bad thing to trust people. One of the most difficult things about surviving violence, is that you will often be "corrected" on so many of your behaviours. The owner is completely on you to change, and yet no one seems to have the same energy to put towards perpetrators, and say they shouldn't lie. If you're asking change of survivors and victims, you should also be asking change, at least at the same level, of perpetrators. It's not a bad thing to want to improve your ability to detect and critically analyse when you are being manipulated, but arguably a lot more harm prevention can be done, by teaching people not to manipulate, and by setting up social consequences to manipulation.  

our current society, in the way that it is set up, in the way that it is that it's call, rewards manipulation. That's why we had Epstein. That's why we have Mandelson. The entire groups around these people, in terms of he was also benefiting, are all people who are highly manipulative.  

Tldr I think this is quite an exploitative interview.  

---

i'm going to be really honest, there's been new levels of racialisation and racism that I've never experienced before, but a very common for a lot of people in this country for their entire lives, since 2023.  

I'm still just ready struggling to get over the fact that I would've been DBS checked so many times, and I always use my passport, and the passport says British. It does not say British Israeli. This means every single DBS compliance check I've done, at institution which also souls or shared my data on the basis that Israel had any rights to it, is grossly non-compliant.  

This is a good example of how much I'm going to intellectualise this, before I fully emotionally except the degree of racism.  

And I'm going to state again, a lot of people in this country, have to deal with far worse than this for their entire lives.  

Part of the reason that I talk about this openly, is because... I know if someone who was accepted as white for so long, we don't actually understand how much this hurts, and how tiring it is on an intellectual level.  

I'm not trying to say that I have the worst time, I'm trying to, be honest enough, that it helps other people to understand the bridge point, so that we can start to understand each other more. If it doesn't help, what's the worst that's going to happen? "that Chloe is a bit weird." I can live with that.  

Meanwhile, my head just keeps repeating the thing about the passport. I used to do DBS checks for an organisation, I know that you look at that part of the passport.  

Update: checked. The passport would just say British. *But then why would you believe I was Israeli?* Where is the paperwork for this? (Psych. Paperwork is prob under national security exemption. We were so racist that the data subject cannot know. She might do a terrorism with all that washi tape.)

---

[I wonder who could possibly be so absorbed by polaris that I am having this as my recommended feed. The mind boggles.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUVEFjo/)  

Although... to be fair I am an international terrorist, and therefore I am a great threat to the UK.  

(I desperately want to make a flooding joke, but I also really want my SAR answered, and I feel like that type of humour is not what will get me my subject access request sorted.)  
Mr McSweeney, it is not "too expensive"; I wrote something very similar the previous day. It was just LLM generated with the same tools you use for the MOJ, and not yet published. I'm sure it doesn't take "extra time and resources". It was very recent.  

[The Yiddishe Theatre Dame in my blood is screaming. Take note final sentence. I have emailed about this specific issue.](./IMG_4359.png)  

If it is libel, I have asked many times very nicely for a lawyer, and you gave the firm one of your big contracts, so I think you do know.  

If you can magically find out, then I will also tell you some further information about where Kier Starmer is going right in his press conferences. However, I am not going to do that until I see this SAR dealt with in a manner which is actually compliant with the relevant law.  

Your move.  

Obviously, you will not know at all, but I am very good at AB testing for the public.  

No, no one has ever picked up on those skills and utilised them before, without my permission.  

I can see why this would've been such a dangerous weapon, had I actually been a Zionist. That must've been a bit of a disappointment for everyone.  

Does the Prime Minister actually know about those contracts?  

Or is that, "national security, very boring, anyway".  

---

Bestie about to get an intern 😏  

Aren't I older than you, anyway?  

Oh no, wait. Just emotionally and mentally.  

I thought they just taught you how to farm on a kibbutz. What were you up to?  

Visiting more "family friends"?  

I really think you should answer the questions put forward in the SAR, and I really think you should stop poaching every lawyer I approach. It's bad manners.  

---

When did OpenAI get the MoJ contract?  
When did Bindmans get the VAWG case?  

Is it... when she asked for help with the sexual harassment and antisemitic racism?  

And are the police still being unnecesarily involved?  

Would you like me to continue?  

Hm. Just how monumentally racist and sexist is stealing the sealed case?  

Whoever that was, and whoever keeps advising every legal arm of the government to not address what is very obviously a crime, is probably in quite a lot of trouble.  

No wonder they don't want you back home. Such coloniser behaviour.

---

[If it's not you who is obsessed with Traitors, allow me free and fair access to a lawyer. Allow due process not just for me but for others impacted. Stop whoever it is who is interfering, from interfering.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqf3qE/)  

---

[She's not wrong.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqfhDL/)

---

Oh, wait.  

Is this why the Cabinet Office thought my own data request was "political"?  

As if checking, my childhood data had not been misused, as it so clearly has, is partisan politics.  

What is hiding in the cabinet office, that you don't think it's hidden in the Labour Party? Why do you want me to get the SAR response entirely just from one of those parties?  

What happened in 2023?  

And why is Cabinet Office not being fully honest with me?  

You either used it, or you didn't.  

Should I go to the Conservatives as well to check what they were up to in 2023? Collect yet another awkwardlg worded refusal?  

This is why it needs to go back further than just the administration; they have used children for decades.  

The British governmemt has been using dead children and not-yet-dead children, in order to conduct the activities of an expansionist, exploitative state, for longer than any of us can remember.  

What did you do with my data?  

(You really think I do not have a very good idea?)  

Why is it a problem for you, to confirm what the Conservatives did with it whilst in Cabinet Office?  

And why do you think the rights of a child are political?  

The reason that everyone in Epstein's network needs to be acknowledged, as because behaviours travel. The British government would do well to find out what it did with one particular rape survivors testimony, likeness, and sealed records, from 2018 to 2022, and explain why a lot of the details of them have ended up being doxxed.  

It might also be worth asking ourselves which Jewish woman, presumably you would need somebody who had some sort of OSA flag pre-existing for crown service, who you might convince everyone was Israeli as well as British, we used as a country in order to create the data set that we AB tested the wartime narrative on of a wall we are not officially in.  

Then ask, suppose you were incorrect about her political affiliations because he were judging based on assumptions, what do you do if she ends up being antizionist? If you've hardwired it into an algorithm, and you are dependent upon that algorithm working, you are going to need to put additional stress on her wherever possible.  

I mean, torture is illegal, but...  

Just make sure she can't prove it.  

[Who said that if I expose *the pain in my heart*, it will not build a new foundation?](https://youtu.be/xhH6CON3SD8?si=iIEVyAf24QzJ64ml)  

Chop chop, kibbutz boy.  

---

[Translation: we found more than we wanted to.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqKLgU/)

---

[The direct beneficiaries of the personality of Peter Mandelson over three decades, are absolutely desperate to get the one man with any experience dealing with long format criminal investigations of child sex abuse and corruption, out of office. I just think that looks suspicious, to the point where I just don't think it's going to help hold broader accountability.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqtdSX/)  

[Summary of the weird imbalance. Get rid of Starmer? Then we need to get rid of Farage.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqXQe9/) "He's not the PM"? Oh fucking hush. He keeps taking financial gifts and toting wifebeaters as representatives of places with 50% female populations. Get out of his arse, already.  

---

[Yeah... this interview is highly exploitative of someone who is being a lot more honest than anyone who could face legal consequences.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUqHUjU/) She has not been coached, and yes this is the problem in places where abuse persists. A better interview would ask how it could have been prevented, or why it was hard to socially marginalise these people. (Because those dynamics are class agnostic, and they are a lot of the problem.) This interview was such an opportunity and it got railroaded into no use.  

Who is funding LBC these days? Sangita was yonked for a triviality. That cannot have been "just politics". That's something with influence and bargaining chips.  

[Sensible answer, tbqh.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUq4T9n/)  

It is ready something that we need to think about, now that we are having a crisis of international law, is how much this was just tolerated and funded because it was in someone else else's interests, and how much a lot of very powerful forces in the west, essentially we direct beneficiaries.  

The reason it makes the case of strengthening international law, is because really it should merit an extra crime, to be assisting or tolerating this sort of operation because it games something political; the degree of exploitation, is huge, and there should be consequences which significantly penalise the behaviour.  

Right now, it's actually a pretty great position of you do something like this, because as long as it's not found out, and even if it is found out, you can just blame the paedophiles themselves. Realistically, it is still heinous that you facilitated or allowed it to happen.  

This is the kind of behaviour that undermines global anti trafficking work.  

---

I want to remind anyone who is "waiting until Monday": the lical HMCTS was clearly told to contain my requests about the doxxing of CSA case and the downstream child porn frenzy on a Sunday.  

I want my summer request to be reassessed with the seriousness it deserves, and the recent email marked "for documentation" treated with the priority it deserves.  

---

[Because of you eijits, by the way, I now have stories like this, that I literally cannot refute.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUgeGJX/)  

Also I would feel like a celebrity if I got to go to a Jewdas seder.  

Do you know who was obsessed with anti-Corbyn rhetoric? There's some files about him on the DOJ website.  

It's really hard to brush off the flair-up of concerns people will have, partiall yes due to antisemitic tropes, but also partially based in reality, if we never have these people face any real consequences.  

They will finally come for you. They always do. That's why one has to nip authoritarianism in the bud - ideally strangle the damn thing and break its neck.  

---

It's after Shabbos and I don't see a lawyer. This is now business days in Jewish calendar time. Choppy choppy so I can stop being Israeli Prime Minister property.  

---

[Your problem is that you listen only to the transcription.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUgggc9/) There are clear, easy election wond for every man that was interviewed, that would win votes. You don't see them because you are fixated on the legal text.  

That's why people like me frustrate systems like yours.  

"Listen to the patient, he is telling you the diagnosis."  

---

[Have the white men worked out the game, yet?](https://zeteo.com/p/why-is-the-media-not-touching-jeffrey)  

Or are they still confused about how to say it without sounding antisemitic?  

It is not that we are uniquely villianous, because we are Jews. It is that we are taught by European culture.  

The crime is ours once we execute it by our means, but you cannot honestly think it is not something we hold in common with you. You were our teachers.  

"If it will feed nothing else, it will feed my revenge.  
He hath disgraced me and hindered me half a million,  
laughed at my losses,  
mocked at my gains,  
scorned my nation,  
thwarted my bargains,  
cooled my friends,  
heated mine enemies —  
and what’s his reason?  
I am a Jew.  
Hath not a Jew eyes?...  

If a Jew wrong a Christian, what is his humility?  
Revenge.  

If a Christian wrong a Jew, what should his sufferance be by Christian example?  
Why, revenge.  

The villainy you teach me I will execute — and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction."  

We are "like this", because in the world you benefit from, you taught us this was how we defend ourselves: to butcher the innocents of Palestine, to shrug off what allowed us to survive Nazism, and to imitate white men.  

But to go harder, so that we would always be feared, so that we would never be crossed.  

All it would take to silence a British and American media and political class on genocide, towards Palestinians, would be to arrange the pressures *just so*, that they might never address the actual racism, and to hold them in place by their balls, lest they move an inch to uphold international law.  

None of that ought to have stopped any of you; you should have condemned a genocide from the get-go.  

But it is why you are all in a predicament, simutanously unable to do much at all for your public who are begging you to protect their own children.  

You cannot get me a lawyer, without sacrificing someone.  

Find your leaks and patch them.  

You can only not denounce us, because doing so would be to denounce yourselves.  

Meanwhile, the children in Gaza starve, and the West Bank annexation continues.  

Please do find your testicles.  

He is acting exactly how the West demands a Jewish man must act. Please do not be shocked.  

I am not saying the actions are acceptable; I am saying when I look at his life, I am not surprised to see the man he is today.  

Stop fearing him. You are giving him power he does not need.  

Every Ashkenazi man of a particular generation wants exactly what every well-to-do British man of a certain generation wants.  

Just give him boundaries, and a slightly stiff cold shoulder until he improves. He is practically screaming for them.  

Treating him with kid gloves only alienates him further. It proves you see him as something other than your equal. Why are you doing this when you say you also want to negotiate with him?  

Treat him as your equal. Deal with him accordingly.  

He wants it more than he could ever admit.  

---

Epstein believed kompromat was that useful because he knew what he was; when you see a similar level of belief, abd a similar degree of manipulation, there's only a handful of things which produce that fear. That's what you go looking for.  

"Is it because I'm Jewish?!" Not if it's because you act like a modern day Beria, mate.  

But if you would like to turn in some white guys? Be my fucking guest.  

Nothing I would love more in the world, than to neutralise the smell of that benzene ring.  

---
