There's a joke I'm desperate to make. I'm 50/50; I don't know the specific enough origin on the ML product to make it. I am sad as I think it rather funny.  

The ML did encourage a specific scenario that you can experience if the safety and guardrails are kaput because the wrapper is weakened, so it's only funny if I can narrow it to the actor. Otherwise it would be poor form.  

Thinking about it, there are a few very obvious ones.  

So it would be nice to get some SAR returns.  

---

really good example of prosocial nudge burnout. It's been really intense, and whilst I've been trying to get some sleep, I wouldn't have needed to sleep through the pits of the day that I did, have I just been left the fuck alone. This means that any useful nudges are lost within this sludge of absolute bullshit. To me, they look like they were some useful ones that were targeted, and then the rest was almost to make it unuseful.  

I'm now  doing things that I should've been able to do during the day, which ever prohibited on Shabbat, after candlelighting time. I'm not orthodox, so it's something that just... it just hurts to be made to do it by someone else, and it creates that feeling of not being enough or not being Jewish enough. This doesn't actually mean that I think it comes necessarily from a Jewish party. Just one who knows Jews very well.  

Something that I've learned through this experience is that there are a lot of alt right people, who have been taught by Jews who were scared of the Palestinian liberation movement, exactly how to be as cruel to Jews as possible.  

I am very aware that whoever is behind some of this, really wants me to be eyes and ears digitally within the green party for work to deal with divestment. this is really upsetting to me because I worked so hard with other people who are much more guilt than me, and did so much research to bring out not violations that come from the recent ICJ orders but also violations that come from Russian sanctions; it was clearly just an area where the information is presented in a complicated way and a lot of people were struggling with being compliant. I have a lot of patience for people who are overstretched in many areas of their work, and are willing to listen. The problem with this outside interference all the time is that I can't do the work that I want to do, and making sure that we are compliant as possible with the ICJ orders, even if we pass over the very obvious ethical portion, save our country money in the future and we will be convicted and charged financially. In this regard, what I am doing is good home economics. What the people who are interfering with my work work are doing, is anti-democratic and against the British state.  

I am sick and tired of having to have conversations about British interests. Is it really in the interest of the British state? Or is it in the interest of a small group of individuals who seek to bully the British state, who seek to lobby it, just as they did with the sugar lobby, just as they did with the tobacco lobby... the list goes on and on. My country and my country's government are not a kitty, for you to finance your own island, where laws and ethics don't apply. This is my country money, it is my country's labour. Get the fuck out of everyone's way.  

People who see themselves as real capsules do their self sabotaging behaviour all the time. People would tolerate this for longer if you weren't just so  exploitative. A lot of people will give a lot, so when they get sick and tired, it's often just because you have taken way too much from them.  

So I need to go and apologise to G-d again for buying my dinner after sundown, and I probably will be working across this day because apparently, let's nudge the Jew over Shabbat. Something that really pisses me off about the way in which the Israeli stare and its allies conduct its business, is that your cat things like COGAT having Shabbat off because it allows them to not allow goods into a starving population who are behind in a legal wall on a Friday and a Saturday, but they never apply to all the Jewish people who are just trying to follow the laws of Judaism.  

We don't really have the same concept of sin as Christianity, but what we are doing to Palestinians, and the investments around this, are extremely trief.  

This is why you see so many ultra orthodox Jews who will not engage as far as possible with the state directly, even if they live in the land of Palestine, even if they live under the portion which is called the state of Israel.  

I look at how I was before, and sometimes I question how I honestly thought any of this was legitimate. I want to clarify for anyone reading this, I am not necessarily saying what should happen with the state and I am not necessarily saying that anything bad should happen to Jewish people who live on that land. I am saying that this way the state behaves is completely illegitimate, and proves its own illegitimacy to governance. They use the Holocaust as rhetoric all the time. This act is extremely abusive, and extremely ironic given the states own history, as well as its current actions, in respect both to Palestinian people, and to the diaspora.  

I really wish people would stop looking at this and think this is how Jews are. Looking at their behaviour, and assuming that that is okay, puts a really big red flag to me that you believe the stereotypes of old school European antisemitism. Because if you think I kill babies that much, then you are accepting some level of the blood libel story, that Jews kill babies sacrilegiously. If you believe that my dealings with money as a Jew look like that, then you have to believe in the stereotypes you've been shown that I'm a crook, and then I'm an exploiter, greater than a European (which to be fair, is a fairly high bar).  

I also completely understand why a state which bases itself on some Jewish identity, would play into stereotypes, because of who its dealing with.  

This whole setup has completely broken the religiosity of the Jewish people.  

And it has come out of European colonialism, European racism both in respect to people in Palestine as well as in respect to Jews in Europe.  

The entire business is extremely damning to how white people in Europe view us.  

And because of that history, because it's never been fully dismantled, and because you leaned into it so fucking much for the last three years, every single second that you refuse to hold a accountability to the men who are involved in Epstein's network (and any women, anyone involved), you are emboldening everyone to engage in some of the most virulent and horrific antisemitic tropes.  

And because of this history, because of how we have transferred it onto Muslims like copy and paste, you are not only signing the death warrant of every single Jew in the European and western diaspora; you are also signing the death war of every single Muslim in that diaspora as well.  

A Holocaust does not pick one group, it picks a core group to start with, and it doesn't always just start with that when it comes to the killing; you are all collectively setting up the next European genocide. You are setting it up by allowing so many people to be racialised and treated like shit because you cannot hold our accountability to your own fellow white men. If you do not hold this accountability and transparency, the population at large are going to go after the usual scapegoats, and let me tell you now that Epstein and all of that a lot, would've had no problem in that happening to the general population. It doesn't matter that Epstein was Jewish. He was also a huge hypocritical cunt, who only cared about his self interest, and who raped children and traded them like chattal. And a lot of of his friends were exactly the fucking same. You cannot allow them anywhere near power, because this is exactly what they will allow, rather than go and be in front of a judge themselves.  

Look at Trump. That is a man so bent on avoiding Court, that he has literally tearing apart a country. He is doing this all because he doesn't want to go to Court. These people fear exposure, they fear transparency, and that is exactly why that process itself, is punishment enough for them.  
They cannot handle the shame of what they have done, and so allowing them to avoid it, is the biggest biggest mistake we can make.  

You wonder why women are treated so badly now. You wonder why the racism in this country and across Europe is horrific. You wonder why we have demonise trans people and queer people this much. We have done this all out of the need for control, and we have been allowed to do it and facilitated to do it by not holding these people accountable.  

If anyone really gives a fuck about security, you must perform some sort of justice in this. It is too public, the crimes of affected society fault too much. The anger that the demos feels has to go somewhere. I really don't want it to become violent against anyone that they classify into the groups of people they have been taught to hate. Because by the way, it never stops at the group itself, and people are not really checking your ancestry.com, when it comes to being violent and seeking retribution because they feel that their children are under threat.  

Humans do really fucking stupid shit when they think their children are under threat, and why wouldn't they? We would all do pretty stupid things that we wouldn't normally do if we were scared for our children's safety.  
I am begging you all not to allow the circumstances that we would hope are in the past, to continue to repeat themselves.  

When I say I am anti-genocide, you have to understand: genocides do not tend to self contain. Once we accept one, once we say yes to one, we give permission to the process as a whole.  

I am sick and tired of people berating me, because I say the state of Israel is acting like a bunch of twats. It should never matter who you are: genocide should always be resisted. I have seen too many children decapitated in the last three years, to give a single fuck about how polite I need to be; clearly not enough people listen to politeness. And so my resistance will no longer be polite.  

If your first thought is to characterise me as a hysteric Jewish woman, the trope you are using comes from Victorian England. It has a 1000 year history in this continent. It is what makes you think that I would be a wonderful mother, as well as a whore in bed, to a greater extent than any other white woman. I know you can't abandon it tomorrow, because these tropes are developed over a long time in our heads, and we are often very ignorant to how they even first formed in our heads. It takes time to unlearn these things, and we must tolerate being wrong, and apologising when we still fuck up. I do need you to critically think, recognise that your head is leaping to a cultural lie, and grant me a little bit more credulity, when you read what I am saying.  

I also need you to understand, that a country or a state will always act in the states interests, before it acts in people's interests. It should not surprise you that a state that depends on Jewish migration, does not call out or address, and in some ways promotes and accepts, very common forms of hatred against Jewish people outside of its state.  

If I cannot find safety here, there is a greater chance I will seek safety there.  

The reason that this is so pertinent to Jewish women in particular, is that in Jewish tradition and in Jewish law, you need a Jewish womb to make a Jewish child.  

(The logic of adverse when you actually look at the Talmud, is so basic. It comes from the idea that the only way you definitely know a child has to follow the extra commandments to keep the law as a community, as if mum is Jewish. It's basically just allowing for the fact that you never 100% knew who the father was, but realistically everybody knew from midwifery, who mum was. That's literally it. It's a solution to a logic problem before DNA tests exist. The majority of human religious formats have some form of rules that are essential for not devolving as a society, and rules that we have to do to keep the forces of nature from destroying our crops. This is genuinely the difference; in Jewish law, Jewish status doesn't actually comfort any extra value to you. The last time I checked, our omnipresent parent wasn't doing favours that way. People who believe that it does, have picked up some European-origin beliefs which were developed to maintain control over imperial Roman territory, and have not separated it from their Judaism. I'm not saying this to be an ass, because obviously I had to unlearn the same things, and continue to unlearn the same things; we all get exposed to this weird shit.)  

This is so ingrained, but even a lot of secular Jewish men, will still kind of want to have their children with a Jewish woman, even if they generally hate her.  

(Cf: the large number of jokes about wives in Jewish culture.)  

Zionism requires patriarchy to function.  

Stereotypes of Jewish women therefore are hardly ever addressed, to the contrary, they are often actively kindled in the diaspora.  

It is never just about racial supremacy, because you always need women "in line" to implement racial supremacy, and so you need them to have genuine fear for the men they are living alongside.  

Add in the reality of Jewish law, and I will never be free under Zionism.  

Instead, I will have the very worst stereotypes of Jewish women reiterated, because it is very much in the states interest for antisemitism in the diaspora to continue existing.  

Why would we choose the safety of Jewish women, over the interest of the Jewish state's continuity? To do so would be to ignore how nation states work.  

For absolute clarity, I'm not saying that a state predominant religion can't be Judaism. I am saying that the current project keeps Jewish women under the control of Jewish men, and will accept brutality towards Jewish women before it will accept dismantling the state.  

White men are the very worst barometers for this, because you are supposed to be the foil that we are scared of, that makes us turn to Jewish men for safety, even when we are held in this patriarchy. You are not supposed to see this violence; you are supposed to perpetuate it unconsciously.  

In what appears to be very paradoxical to white men... the men that are hated by this system, demonised by this system, are actually far more likely to speak in our interests as Jewish women. And it's not because they desire us sexually. It's because they're talking to the same root problem. Because Zionist is also very racist, in its full function and form.  
Palestinian men have done more for Jewish women's freedom, then Jewish men have a century. Palestinian people haven't done this by announcing they are talking about Jewish women. They have done it by seeking their own liberation. The reason I can contrast men in particular, is because there is such an investment in presenting these men as a threat to ownership, women who are "owned" in this system.  

In this regard, Zionism is just white supremacy, but make it Jewish. It is not uniquely evil to us - it is learned from the behaviour of European social governance.  

I need a lot of you to start thinking, that it is indeed possible that my practice is more about a logic and lived experience, than "shes got a thing for brown men". When you default the latter, you are embodying that Victorian group about Jewish women, because apparently my loyalty can only be breached when it is about sexuality. The trope does assume me to be less intelligent than men, less logical, less pragmatic, but still hypersexualised.  

I really need you to consider that this might be a lot more about the liberation of my people, than anything to do with my libido.  

For anyone who is shocked that I am saying it, it is incredibly obvious to me when I speak to white men and I speak to Jewish men that for them, this whole business has a lot to do with possession of Jewish women.  

I am not your Jewess.  

You do not keep me safe.  

Any child of mine deserves better, than to die in your wars.  

If you want me to think well of you, you do need to start dismantling which you have learned by these systems, because Zionism will never recognise me to be as important as a Jewish man. Even when there was no way for him to make a traditionally Jewish child without me.  

---

In case anyone really needs to know, my acceptance of who is Jewish is obviously a lot more liberal. I'm pretty sure a Jewish dad makes a Jewish kid, too. I am acknowledging the impact that the traditional status has had on how this current format of government is working (or not working, as the case may be).  

For reference, you should also not need to hear any of this to believe that people should be protected from genocide, but I appreciate for some people we need to say these things. I appreciate that sometimes it is a lot easier to hear this part, and then explore the other bits. i'm not expecting everyone to suddenly dump their racism tomorrow; I've been very honest in my writing this week, I am still capable of being very racist. Is it something I want to be? No. Well, I suddenly stop being racist if I put my head in the sand every time I do it? Also, no. I am not enjoying it when I tell you, I am trying to be honest and transparent and engage in reflective practice. We all need to turn the ego down a bit when it comes to this, and just accept that we can be really wrong when we didn't mean to be. it doesn't negate the harm, it does help us learn from the harm, so that we can start being safer for the other people we share the world with.  
likewise, I don't expect every man to suddenly be free from the patriarchy tomorrow. I don't expect every woman to be completely free from the impact of patriarchy, or to not believe things which are very damaging to us; we all spent a lot of time learning with this without realising we were doing so, so we all have to spend a lot of time unlearning it.  

---

I really don't know why so many yorkshire based trades vans end up outsode my house on some particular days. Maybe it's just a commute.  

Second follow-up email. That shows what it's very often aligned with. That's what makes me uncomfortable about it. Otherwise, park where you want. Idgaf.  

---

[Btw, bestie: if we're gonna follow him this much, I hope you have bought some copies.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUaStKH/)  

The Ilford/Chelsea/Holborn/Liverpool/Leeds/Mancs crew can also pitch in.  

Presumably it's very relevant to your field. The account always shows up when you lot do.  

(Dw, I have a list of very fancy counties, for another set which likes to catch up.)  

---

Btw, as tin foil as I feel about this...  

[If I might know the pattern? I loved that family.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUaMANt/)  

But ya kna. Coincidence, innit.  

It's because Qatar don't play as many chess matches, a lot of their civil service is women, and they look a lot better to Westerners if you just let them.  

"Tgey do XYZ", yeah. And we still have 15 guys in Guantanamo, some without any case from day 1. It's been a generation; we have destroyed them and now we are still keeping them in prison why exactly?  

I love how bothered we are in this data tangle about Richard Burgon's speech btw.  

He's literally stating what the bare minimum is. I don't know why that would be such an issue.  

---

[This is very deliberate predator behaviour, stems from Victorian era philanthrophy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUadqKP/)  

This is why nothing is safe for survivors.  

You will never be allowed to escape, if there is anything they can do about it.  

And we don't tend to suspect of one crime, someone who sits on a board or gives money for "helping".  

It's both control and camouflage.  

They do this all the time.  

[Oh, look. as usual, it is the less you're actually generating the anti-CCP story, because we have actually held true to our British values. Who could've predicted?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUa7Fyd/)  

I'll take the gun to the record, my problem isn't with soft-c conservatives. It's just wild to me how many people on both the left and the right, self-generate propaganda for other countries by refusing to hold accountability, and even when other countries leverage that, it is the "difficult" People on both are left on the right who actually call out the bullshit.  

i'm so done with this weird populism shit. I'm so done with being obsessed with two countries as being the only potential problem to our country. I don't know what the fuck parents during the Cold War but doing to you all, but clearly summer do you have a lot of unrecognised and undiscussed trauma, and they're still hypervigilant for the next nuclear bomb from Russia.  

Which gets Russia a lot of rhetorical power over you, by the way.  

I've slagged off every generation on this repo; I'm not saying these things to say that my generation is any better morally, it isn't, I just think we need to start talking about it more, and accepting that we all have some input here. That is kind of the point of democracy.  

Also, if your lead is to degrade a whole bunch of people People based on Monday they were born, and those people are full adult adults, I'm not really sure how that is supposed to make me want to vote for you.  

"We are losing the young with conservatism" yes. Because you keep insulting them to their faces.  

Do not think I don't have a shit ton of things to say about the failings of the left. ❤️  

My cynicism is bypartisan.  

(In my defence, I have been sat in front of the feed for a spin doctor and his weird mates for 20 years. One does tend to get a little cynical.)  

---

[Interesting delivery and comments.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUmpqEf/) People would be very silly to dismiss the comments recognising you don't have one man doing this in isolation.  
I'm going to start calling them the [DARVO Dudes](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUm5pqW/). The media ecosystem *is* horrendous, this is true. That's why you see the class suit against AP.  

[This is a useful explaination of why the anger of the British public is not contained by partisan politics, and why "doing the most" for accountability, is most likely to play to a party's image.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUmsXgB/) both sides of the house do need to accept, that people are going to have a lot of anger, and public relationship should therefore be planned for the mid and long-term not just for avoid avoiding things right now this second.  

if either of the two traditionally dominant parties survive, it will be through good long-term planning in this moment.  

Long-term planning means transparency and accountability, and not necessarily playing factionalism, not necessarily excusing oneself from accountability... a good analogy, can be how you are viewed in a legal process whether there is an investigation. Even if you have every good reason to refuse comment, lack of comment looks suspicious. Even if you are very guilty, complying with the process in assisting in investigation, is often looked up upon favorably. It's just how we are, culturally.

[Suppression of a journalist who is published in The Times, on the day of the article, is where we are currently at.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUm9Fog/)  

The Anglophone Internet does not give a fuck about your borders; this is de facto annexation, unless we hold a very strong legal line.  

(Yes, I do think borders are stupid. This is very good evidence of why you need to stop relying on the lines on a map, and think about how other people and other parties might risk assess actions. Cf: Craken.)  

---

[This series is going to get some extra attention.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUmaCUh/) Be greatful we're not at The Thick Of It yet, emotionally.  

---

[There needs to be limits on post-MOD defence tech personal contracting, for a bloody start.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUm5YE2/)  

If you think about this situation logically, it's really difficult for someone to go and sit on a board of a company after they've worked somewhere for a long period of time, that relies on that specialist knowledge, and not have them shared too much information to not be undermining wherever they have come from.  

In private industry, it's actually very normal to have clauses that say you can't wait for competitors for a certain amount of time.  

That's why we should have those in government.  

It always really makes me laugh, how much the political side of government has sought to curtail and politicise the healthcare of this country so much, including public health, and try and wrap us up in loyalty clauses, when historically that's not actually where the majority of undermining of the actual government, financially, comes from.  

There is, amongst other things, a class issue here. Something that many people can speak to through working in different parts of the state, including a health and social care, is just how much you are treated like you will be the problem if you are from a lower class of society. To then watch most of the bad things being done by people with class neutral accent, from middle class backgrounds? Stuff like that is what really annoys your front line government workers. If you could fix things like that, we'd probably strike less; what people strike about during these actions, is not ever just the pay, it is also a huge part about how they are treated and how they are respected, and many of those things you could change for free.  

["He likes Bill Clinton, now?"](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUuBrae/)  



---
