there are prevelent dictation issues in here, some of which change intended meaning, & i will fix x


---

[A tissue for American tears, but you are historically incorrect if you think those statues don't need some paint.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfv8wE1/)  

"...t-to Athens, to Rome, to Philidelphia, to Monticello.."  

[The history of why we are so obsessed with white marble, by the aptly named, Ornament & Crime.](https://youtu.be/YAMvi7w1PjE?si=TnErNmRMua7OcjLh)  


---

And [all of everything every speaker said](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvLjjW/); ["freedom is a verb: something never finished, never done"](https://youtu.be/QFu0o8NB5Io?si=Ub7oz0IhTGZqwEoF).  

---

Further evidence that [my left is not weak](https://youtu.be/UM6wrV0VLL4?si=36jiXytBk0JiqW74).  

We are not always defined by Zionism, and unfortunately if the West only accept us when we are Zionists, but refuses us when we are like this, the West is still participating in the same antisemitism that led up to the holocaust; I don't care how many parades you go to every January.  

It matters more that you're not going to do it again, and respectfully: see Palestine, Sudan, Congo... there is a list, and it goes on, and until we don't have a list anymore, some of us will never forget what really caused that catastrophe, who the victims really were, and how it was really resisted against.  

I would rather die standing than live on my knees; the west isn't very good at those kind of Jews either.  

Antisemitism is the same that it's been for 100 years, they've just said that they'll give you a "whites' only" ticket, as long as you put your money and your political loyalty where they tell you to.  

I would rather die fighting, than live as a slave to a machine that gronds our souls. It looks.. uncomfortable, and unappealing.  

---

[This is the level of "wtf black mirror thick of it crossover episode is this??", I need for this mess left somewhere near the left.](https://youtu.be/C2I8P6uNmJU?si=l4K-C72hZgXEOIun)  

"They investigate themselves, and it turns out that they're not guilty. Hey, Hey! Daloy Polizei! It means the same thing now as yesterday."  

I also want to pick up one of the quotations from the report, which is around Andrew Feinstein, and this really follows what I've been documenting for some time, which is that amongst other organisations and outfits, Labour as a party, and in particular Labour Together, do seem to engage with a lot of very antisemitic rhetoric, as long as it is in their political interests to do so.  
Discussing a Jewish man, in Britain, as having a somewhat pathological mismatch between his faith and his politics, is antisemitism.  

I'm not going to explain at length right now, because I feel like I've explained it and explained it and explained it so many times recently, but this is a profound gathering of Jewish men, and if it's often done by white men after a Jewish man rejects something the white man wants to do whilst crawling it protection of Jewish people.  

This shows how white men in the Labour Party routinely engage in a very racist and very sexualised form of orientalised emasculation, of Jewish men. 

I have already given many examples of the discussion behind why that is so problematic and how very much it is rooted in Nazi ideology, how it drove the Holocaust, and also how it currently drives a large amount of Islamophobia today. I hope that you can reference what I've written about in the past.  

It is so saddening as a Jewish woman, to see a party that says it supports Jews, routinely find itself attached to disclosures like this, which suggest that actually there is some really rampant and very unaddressed racism, that a lot of that racism has a psychosexual component, and that the party would rather use that to bully men who are standing on the Jewish values, already a great risk, rather than engage with those men's politics.  
This is a century, at the current point, evidence that the labour party is at the very least unable to hold accountability to forms of antisemitism that it does not see or recognise, or that it does say and it does recognise, but a politically inconvenient to challenge, and for which there is a political incentive to leave unaddressed.  

This is what was mirrored and channelled through the language used towards Zack Polanski in a recent speech by Keir Starmer, and frankly that speech was very concerning for me, and I think for a lot of Jewish people, that clip was very scary. I think a lot of people would struggle to explain why that was, because the emotional undertone is quite indirect, but essentially the labour party called a Jewish man a foreigner, a Russian asset, and apparently did not understand how that microaggression is so dangerous.  

It doesn't matter if the Labour Party genuinely does not see any of this and it is not meaning to from the bottom of its heart, engage in this rhetoric: it **is** actively engaging in the rhetoric which preceded the Holocaust, and we're not even the chief group of derision this time, and it's *still* this bad.  

---

[Oh dear. The Men™️ are thinking; the algorithm can hear it. 🙄](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvQVr9/) Pkease stop: this is too dangerous.  

(The algorithm literally has no idea how to cope with dominant male-coded presence other than to go... "I guess this is love drama?"; this is no end of hilarious if you're getting traffic for "professional" reasons.)  

---

[I am open to all ideas, by the way.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvaCbw/)  

["Princess ears" would be correct.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvQ4c3/)  

---

[Some of the centroid is struggling with this concept.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvQ4c3/)  

The general coverage today, is again just replicating along history of whatever you would be interested in if you were trying to push authoritarianism in the UK but also in Europe as well, I've had a lot of things about France today (and there is a particular reason, that I am not in control of, as to why that is).  

I'm going to imagine that this comes from a very particular life story and class background as well as a reasonably homogenous demographic in the space which looks at policy and political strategy. Unfortunately, because we have been so focused on KPI-style politics, but have not really moved to OKR-basis strategy, we are seeing a repeated cycle of "numbers chasing", which mortgages the future on the basis of today.  

(I just had such a weird error with dictation, slipping in something about council tax, where it's not vocally close. Can anyone using software please be slightly more disciplined in their clipboard management? Thx.)  

That doesn't need to be this really long and complicated discussion about why people are voting for business-orientated, but supposedly Left parties; people are not voting for them because they're essentially useless to the general public.  

That's your entire answer.  

A little bit of compromise makes sense, but if you are constantly compromising the party values, and the wants and wishes of the people doing the work door-to-door and on the ground for you, you are going to piss people off enough over time, such to the point where they will no longer vote for you. They will particularly do this at times of great adversity, and if significant moral lines are very clearly overrun.  

There are some really clear things that could be done by the current Labour Party if they wish to increase popularity and cement stability; the Labour Party, for whatever reason, and this may be internal, or may because they have been caught by contracting by something within government contracts itself... but the current Labour Party cannot currently deliver the really easy things, and if that is the case, we need to look at how the state apparatus is stopping that from happening, as well as what in the Labour Party is stopping that from happening, because it's not actually clear that it's definitely in isolation Labour Party issue but it's also unclear that it's definitely an isolation a state issue.  

---

[Saaaame.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvafXt/)  

Before we get into the, "what if your heroes fall?", discourse: I was born in such a way that I was gendered as a female from birth, therefore a huge major majority of my heroes have later shown themselves to be essentially useless throughout my life. I am more than happy to invest in a new set of heroes. As some haven't fallen yet, I can have trust in them, and still be open to the idea that sometimes outcomes can change.  

People seem to act like trust is something that you can only ever have once, and once it's broken, it's broken forever. I have a diagnosis of complex PTSD, and within that diagnosis I inherently struggle to trust people and the world; I can tell you now that you can overcome the difficulties that you have with trust to at least a partial degree, even if it means that you will always inherently struggle to have that on an inherent level, if that's what is needed to maintain a civil society.  

It is not impossible to learn to love again after heartbreak, so why would it be impossible to learn to trust again, following a betrayal?  

Just because something is hard, does not mean it is impossible.  

---

The idea of having to do this callback to duty psychiatry is already annoying to me; I know what it is that I keep touching in the governance portion of the story, which seems to repeatedly generate a flag to that team. It means that I can't really discuss the issue with that team, because it's a very long windy story, and so therefore does sound like complete bollocks that I'm making up, if I have to explain it in a short way. I think this is just going to be a situation that I have to be honest and say that there is a conflict of interest in information sharing (in other words, part of the governance under scrutiny, and very fairly under scrutiny because there are now deletions that you can see in what should be highly secure records, can potentially access those medical records at that place), and stick to the main point of whether or not I am in good health.  

I understand that to some degree, whether or not this is the intention, this acts are shaming technique. I'm going to repeat that I find it very interesting that whoever is doing this: does not want to do it in a way that is easily traceable, does not want to do it in a way that directly goes to the police, does not want to go through a legal route, does not want to issue a pre-action notice, does not want to issue a cease and desist, does not want to go through lawyers.  

They would rather use whatever network or information sharing device they're using, in order to go to my mental health team, but also by doing so they are surrendering the information that they do know my exact healthcare team.  

That is profoundly odd.  

If I was in any of the organisations, or if I was any of the individuals that I've listed who are potential decision-making points, even if they have no idea who I am, if I was in their position, I would currently be acting to protect my own reputation, and I would be doing that by shutting down anyone who is perpetuating any of the issues.  

This is a very interesting moment of governance that I will not see right now, but will reveal itself over time; in a few months, it will be very possible to see who took responsibility at this point, who acted in a way that was preservative to their own image but was essentially legal and reasonable and ethical, who dealt with this in a way that fits the norms of British legal action, and who acted in a manner that is perhaps wanting when it comes to transparency, accountability, and democratic values.  

In other words, because I appreciate this is a trigger phrase for the counterterrorism and intelligence community: we will find out which ones of you held to your British values, and which of you are traitors to the state.  

Harsh? Yes, probably.  

Unfair? You criminalised a group that was trying to enforce compliance of our own domestic laws which require compliance for the International Court of Justice. By doing so you have not only broken the law in this country, ignored the Court orders that had been issued by the ICJ, but you have also acted in a way that is counted as perpetrating the genocide in question, when that impacts Palestinians in particular, including British Palestinians.  

The counterterrorism community needs to prove it's worth to the British public; you are costing an awful lot of money, and exist at great cost of civil liberties. It is the bare minimum that you can do, to justify the public spend coming out of His Majesty's Treasury.  

This includes all of the ways that money is channelled into your activities, so I am counting not just the counterterrorism budget itself, but also anything that comes out of local authority spend, anything that comes out of healthcare spend, anything that comes out of justice spend, anything that comes out of education spend... you get the idea.  

At a time when the public purse is so stretched, and our services are so badly harmed by austerity and leaving the European Union, I think it is of fairly great importance that a department, where to this day we are a little unclear on its actual economic impact, and which is currently holding several reports that suggests that its social impact is disproportionate to its stated objectives, actually defend the money which the British taxpayer has been contracted into investing, by the nature of government policies supporting this department and its purview.  

Additionally, if this is taking money from community policing, quite frankly it can go back to that policing capability.  

---

I will also admit that I feel very cross about feeling that it is necessary to disclose sex work again, and to be so blunt about it. I did not really want to share that correspondence, partially because what it reveals about the position that I was in.  

I don't entirely feel shame, but I'm also not entirely devoid of shame. I have very complex feelings about that portion of my life, but I don't hate myself for trying to survive and trying to get my medical degree. If I have anger, it is towards the socioeconomic positioning. I must also say that there are a great number of men who are not very harmful, that one comes across, but it is true that you are coming across some of the most harmful men. The mechanisms which exist to protect us when we enter into that position or hugely undermined by the surveillance capitalist economy, and very unfortunately we see a high degree of overlap between those two areas. I have not been given the space to process fully what I live through doing that, and I would like that space to be safe and away from any investigatory powers. I now know that in the British system, I will only access that by going to a private provider; as it happens, that's also the only way I can access safe support as a rape survivor. I don't like having to talk about the two together, because it's so misunderstood that you can only be one or the other. You can only be a virgin or a whore, and this mindset is responsible for a great amount of the violence that men perpetrate towards women and children. There are lots of people who want to talk on behalf of people who have experienced this part of life, and only now that I've gone through it can I say with absolute certainty that any legalisation measures are actually so profoundly harmful that they are repeatedly responsible for an increased risk of death. As frustrating as it is that this is part of patriarchy and capitalism, you will only ever protect the people who have to go to this industry, by decriminalisation and harm reduction. I also want to be very clear: the vast majority of people who are current sex workers, or have done sex work, are incredibly passionate about standing up for your children's rights online, protecting children from inappropriate content; they generally want to support you to get better contracts on your financial products because of the overlap of how the exploitation happens most frequently, and they are not necessarily supportive of the men who seek to exploit the industry being the industry; the women that you degrade the most, are actually the ones who would take a bullet for you and for your children, including against any online harms, and so I cannot understand why we see again and again women who have not been exposed to this in particular fail to even talk to us like we are human.  

I am lucky that I can say that I've never had to do the most dangerous elements of sex work, and you will only ever get their story by speaking directly to the people who do that work; the specific types of harms and incentives that exist in street access sex work, are very specific, and I know that I can't represent those people's experiences. I do however know that you need to start fucking talking to them, if you actually want to put a cross policy that will keep them safer, that will help them to build their lives the way they want to do it, and I know that you telling them not to do a particular type of work, is probably one of the least effective things you can be doing. It's paternalistic, and quite frankly it sounds like a client speaking down to them. there are a number of women who seek to speak to sex workers in a way that directly mirrors how the nastiest man who they come across, speak to them. This is part of the reason why you should not be basing policy on what your male political or policy colleagues, would say it was a good idea. Given how many of them access it, and will deny completely ever having accessed it, so they can't even be honest and transparent, they have a profound conflict of interest and they cannot be trusted to engage in safe policy writing on this issue.  

There are some very dangerous men who need to start being excluded from this type of policy work.  

So yes, if you want to get rid of people who have sex offences formally processed from being MPs, you would be really shooting yourself in the foot to not work with people who have had to engage in sex work before.  

Just a thought.  

---

[This is now a pattern.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvHPHx/) Do not accept it. Abusive states and abusive state projects only escalate when they do not have boundaries enforced upon them by their people.

[When you see the descriptions of these detention facilities, compare them with other totalitarian regimes versions of prisons, plantations, gulags, and concentration camps.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvBsn5/)  

---

[It's a start. It won't fix the entire problem.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvUL9T/)  

---

[HistoryTok is getting on the Palestine issue at the British Museum; you know, the attempt of authoritarian capture of the museums and the arts sector.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvAVeo/)  

UKLFI didn't pluck that out of thin air; this was part of the ecosystem of American thinker tanks, not limited to but including the Heritage Foundation and Prager U, and this was part of how they targeted institutions including public libraries.  

This looks very American.  

The way in which the encampment policing has happened in the UK shared great similarity with the way in which encampment policing was conducted in the US.  

You don't need to know who is doing each action specifically, to look at what is happening, and think, "you know what, I'd actually rather have sovereignty over this island".  

[Jewitches](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvxe7k/) covers significantly the diaspora identity, and because she is based in the US, speaks a lot about these issues.  

By wrapping up authoritarianism in the guise of protecting Jewish communities, the UK has allow a fair amount of authoritarian capture already. We need you to be able to stand up for what actually would help antiracism, and actually protect marginalise people in this country; discriminatory exclusion, challenges to public sector equality duty, expensive lawfare, will not protect us.  

---

[#NotAllMenButEnoughThatWeCannotBeTooSureOfManyOfYou](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvMnoc/)  

[This is why we need safe whistleblowing systems.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvPbkj/)  

[Dear US: yes this is what we are like. He has a podcast and it is not too bad, actually.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfva21s/) Just... suggesting.  

[There is a really big overlap between "just collecting" and actually just being a closet Nazi, tbf. He's not wrong.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfv6v8A/)

[This is the bit The Men™️ need to fix; we just need you to like, treat us like people, who you're in community with.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvXhmX/)  

---

[Why not talk about it on podcast tho 🤔 thought the right was gagging for vawg chat?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvnRQu/)  

---

[This is weird, and I'll tell you why:](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfceV2N/)  

The caller takes what appears to be the line that is often put forward as the default Jewish community response, but it's a little off. It is very interesting, and here is a really specific example that suggests this person may not be Jewish or Israeli.  

"...incitement of one ethnic minority, Jews and Israelis..."  

I would love to be able to ask anyone who is within that group... do you think we're all just one big group and there's no difference in our ethnicities within our group?  

Do you feel like that represents the richness of Jewish experience?  

I don't think it does.  

The cooler is essentially saying that there's no differences at all between Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jews, there's no history behind Arab Jews, Palestinian Jews, Mizrahi Jews, Iraqi Jews, but there's no black Jews that there are no Jews from Ethiopia...  

We're all just the same one big bucket, apparently.  

And there's a lot of communities and ethnicities which are present in the whole of the Jewish people, that I've not mentioned at all in that.  

This is a really weird way for someone to describe us, unless they see us all as one unit, an this goes beyond the expansionist politics of Likud, for example; I would be very surprised if even the senior cabinet in that party, did not feel that there was at least some difference in the ethnicity of Ashkenazim and Sefardim.  

For that reason, it's then quite interesting how it's been worth in British English because that really tells you about the political opinions of the caller, or at least where their mindset is coming from.  

They are stating that Jews and Israelis are all one thing and their class as one ethnic minority in the UK.  

That is how the alt right sees us.  

That is not how even quite extreme right wing Jewish people see us; it is a non-Jewish alt right point of view.  

I'm not sure who this call is, or if they are doing this as a professional thing or a personal thing, but the way in which they are using their language, does not suggest that they are coming from a Jewish point of view, and it does not suggest that they are coming from anything other than a way of looking at Jewish life which is very aligned with the way in which race and ethnicity is framed within the alt right.  

I understand that white men can't be going around calling out female voices, when they speak about Jewish identity, as just a normal occurrence.  

Part of the reason that I write so much on this, and a lot of the reason why a lot of other people are producing this content for free, is that we are giving you the knowledge so that you can go ahead and challenge the particulars.  

Even if that just means that you know in your head, something is weird and something is off, and then you challenge more on the usual points of argument that you would pick up anyway, I hope you feel more confident to challenge this.  

Resisting racism, and resisting hate, and resisting extremism, all do need to be conducted on a balance of everyone's rights, including a balance of the rights, of everyone who is marginalised by the way society exists. A very simple question would be how, we can balance the rates of the British Palestinian community. When people see asylum because they have been expelled or exiled from territories whether there is a military occupation, they tend to end up in territories which have some relevance and Palestine was occupied by the British empire, when the Zionist legal entity which calls itself the state of Israel was formed, and this was after significant investment in arming the groups which formed that legal entity by Britain. We often forget that the British estate does tend to arm terrorist groups that it feels are beneficial to capture of other countries; Britain has done this in a lot of places, it's not unrelated to how how America kind of ended up doing the exact same thing.  

We don't have to focus on anything about these legal or conditions. We can just see that if Palestinians leave Britain is one of the places they go, and as a result, we do have British Palestinians and Palestinians who live in Britain; if we're gonna talk about terrorism, we also have to talk about threats that affect them, and I would say that having to watch a live stream genocide of people who share your exact ethnicity, is in itself a form of terrorism.  

I would say that trying to remove Palestine from cultural institutions like the British Museum, is an active genocidal erasure.  

I would say that mounting significant scrutiny either by professional means financial means or legal means to British Palestinians and Palestinians living in Britain, when there are active ICJ orders about protect protection of the Palestinian people from genocide, is in itself a form of economic terrorism. (props to the state of Israel for teaching me that I am an economic terrorist, for calling for dinvestment from funding a genocide – an act which is not only perfectly legal, but actually something that we are legally compelled to do by our own laws in this country, as well as my international law). Anyone who is trying to tell you otherwise, is deliberately missing out specific pieces of legislation to make their argument.  

There are a lot of different ways in which you could challenge this cooler, but I would absolutely say to anyone who comes across this even when it's very strongly made, you don't have to get into Jewish identity and you don't have to get into the politics that are happening in the territory which is called Israel or the territory which is historical Palestine, you can literally just go on the usual arguments and the arguments that we should be using, I'm just pointing out that there's something very off about this and if you can't recognise what it is I've named to you part of what seems weird.  

I don't think this gets answered by asking if somebody is actually Jewish, I think it's actually very strong to come down on all of the arguments you should be using to say that Palestinian people are full human beings and they should be protected from genocide, and that when there is an active risk of genocide that takes precedence.  

---

[I think this is actually a very valid point.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvg7oW/) I think the elite class really underestimate how frustrated a lot of the workers are, and whilst there may not be an organised movement, there is so much anger through enough of the workers that any feeling that they might be derailed by an economic crash would be a very audacious opinion to have.  

I think at this point, giving people absolutely nothing to lose, would be quite dangerous. we talk all about disaster capitalism and pushing people to their limits, I think we're at a point where there's so little good faith to give, that it is really quite dangerous when people think that they can just push large sections of society even further.  

---

[Benji has been learning! he has just described what is necessary for the divestment of an occupation, or an apartheid regime. Not sure this is what I meant, but I like that we're getting there on principles. You do need to deal with the root causes and the root of the matter, if you wish to stop the end process. It is also correct, the ending in a apartheid would be far more beneficial for the security of everyone in that region, as well as the rest of the world because you are always going to attract a certain type of businessman if you have an apartheid.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfvVUUb/)  

---

[Has bro asked her out yet?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfceeKn/) all I got from this was, "a woman frustrates me", "sometimes she shows her hair and something she doesn't, this makes me feel strong emotions", and then a bunch of real of just her. 
Just ask her out, jeez.  

We've already seen Piers Morgan have this unending sexual frustration over Meghan Markle (he's pretty convinced that he could've had her if it wasn't for Prince Harry swooping in); I don't need another round of this behaviour from some bloke on TV.  

Yees just need to ask a woman out once, and if she says no, that needs to be the end of how much we hear about it.  

Also more seriously if Zionist Jews would like to talk about lists of bad Jews... you do all realise that Canary Mission happened, that Betar US went on its whole thing, that the US administration is still in power?  

From the report here, I'm not sure about the data handling issue but, whenever I've done work like this, there's usually either an opt in or an opt out for further information, is that what we're talking about? Because that's normal GDPR practice in the UK.  

I also find it interesting that a hummus company that was nearly tanked due to a salmonella outbreak because the outbreak was that bad, is essentially the talking point here. I also find it really interesting because the flavour and texture of the humus is quite different from other brands, and it doesn't have to be that kosher hummus tastes like that.  

I'm going to let the Zionist Jews into a really big secret. This concerns getting more choice in your food, if you keep kosher. Depending on how strict you are, you really probably need to talk to your own rabbinate, but...  

Did you know that much like the vegetarian market products, the halal market on a lot of products is actually helping us?  

Again, depending on how strict you are, this probably doesn't apply for actual meat in exactly the same way, and you have to be careful of things that represent differences between say separation, because that's not something that Islam does but it is something we do. But really in my experience a lot of of what you're looking for that badge for, is to look for animal products where you wouldn't expect them, or to look for porcine products where you wouldn't expect them. This already feels like something where we could have a joint working party. Because I'm not gonna lie... I feel like the Iraqi hummus might be better than Sabs, so I'm just curious why we keep all talking about it like it's a national product.  

Did you know humus really puts across this image of being like a small independent family farm type of business, and it's just not that. When I talk about the salmonella incident, I'm talking about something that's like the Bernard Matthews chicken thing; even if it's accidental, you are looking at this on quite a large business scale, so the idea that you involvement in being part of the occupation, because Sabra is specifically is boycotted not just because it's Israeli.  

in fact, I don't think people realise a lot of the boycotting is done on extremely specific companies, and that's been decided from Palestinian civil Society in diaspora, in order to target the most harmful companies, many of whom are absolutely just using the system to make a profit.  

[Sabra hummus is conglomerate-owned, with deep ties not just to the military itself, but also to get Jews from other countries to come and serve in that military.](https://www.cjpme.org/fs_239)  

Given that Brighton actually has a really welcoming antizionist Jewish community, it's really weird to sort of see Brighton being talked about as if it's this exclusionary zone I do have to wonder to what extent is the broadcaster racial Jews to the extent that it doesn't count us unless we are part of a specific narrative which aligns more with the current American administration, rather than with UK law inequality and diversity? Do we not count as full citizens if we're doing stuff that challenges your idea of what Jewish is?  

I always think this is quite interesting because I used to get dismissed about stuff like this quite frequently, but the more that I think about it and the more that it's just part of my life now, the more white supremacy does look like a really stupid idea with no logic to it. It just looks like a distraction designed so that we don't end up banding together as workers and having a nicer life.  

I really don't understand what the point of excluding Jewish voices just because they have a particular political direction, is.  

I am very angry at a certain type of politics; this does not automatically mean that I can't practice my religion with people who might have extremely different views to me. I'm not pretending that that isn't complicated an emotional level for all of us. I'm not pretending they might not also be very angry at me. I just think this need for a news channel, who has used the word globalists a lot through the years, to frame Jewish people as only even valid and Jews and worthy of being called by what we are, when we're doing something you agree with, and when we don't do something you're agreeing with we will risk potentially just being called antizionists? I'm just really curious as to why you appear to have raised the presence of Jewish plurality. It feels like the type of narrative that's better suited in Washington than it is in the UK.  

Maybe I'm overthinking it, I mean you did all murder a bunch of Palestinian men purely so that people like me you could be safe, and not for any other reason at all so I probably should shut up and be grateful, right?  

It's okay keep taking our sons and our brothers and our fathers and our uncles every time a company and funding diaspora recruitment from abroad to bring into the Israeli military; this is completely normal and would be totally tolerated in any other community, I'm sure.  

None of this is racism guys, move it along.  

---
