[Fucking finally.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUsyp1Y/) The Chloe-primed content is coming back, gradually. Not just a blur of microniche political videos that I'm supposed to react to in a place that doesn't record providence.  

(You thought I was going to fall for some bullshit dressed up as a love story? Fuck that. Get me a lawyer.)  

---

Apparantly someone needs advice on the Welsh, the Greens, and how Starmer is being received on a emotional level in the last few days. Please can someone else help them; I am done.  

If it's not a fountain pen, washi tape, or a bunch of shit stuck to dead trees with glue? I don't want to see it until you lot get this thing called a law-yer.  

If it's that important, pay me.  

If it's not? Fuck off my devices.  

This is a huge breach of every legal provision you have claimed supports your actions. I want a lawyer. I got refused appropriate investigation in the MOJ last Sunday; you can clearly move on the weekends when you want to.  
I am not Israeli. I am not dual.  
I signed that form when I was 15; I did not become a Crown Servant.  

Everything you are relying upon is invalid. Coercing labour under surveillence powers is not legal in the UK. Fuck off.  

---

The PREVENT schedule in this country fucking sucks. It gives perfect cover for CSE, SV via surveillence, harrassment of whistleblowers, plain old racism and profiling, and modern slavery. I hate it. We are policed by a bunch of losers with no personality, pay for it, and are expected to be grateful for it. They have no functional oversight. They can do whatever they like.  

I don't know why my IP is suddenly geolocating like ot used to when it was Sheffield/SYP teritory, but I would like this to stop. Please just leave me to calligraphy nibs; this is my current terrorism and I think the threat level is fairly low, lads.  

---

[I'm branching out how I collect data; I like his strategy.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUnNPRU/)

[The memeing has started.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUn23aM/)

[](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUnAscb/)

[The bar is no longer in hell.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUnhhbT/)

[The public do know. We are not silly just because we're not as rich as you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWhcj3/)

[Why is the seal man still on the loose?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWF9cE/)

["The next time we hold a red line..."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWAn95/)  

The reason that I'm going to the effort of recording this, is because in between videos I'm still getting hammered with very specific issues like the potential policing reforms in Wales. I suspect part of the problem here is that someone has sold my data to more than one analysis vendor, and so this is why, when there are attempts to manipulate it, it does get very confusing and multilayered.  

Something about the first addition that I will note in particular, which is interesting, is that it directly uses data exhaust that I have not disclosed online, from the 2022 email grassing someone else up for using the internet, to try and frame it as a romantic relationship; it is interesting that it appears to be the same or a like-minded party, who is still at play.  

I've had my devices off for periods of time today, and I'm considering deliberate system sabotage, which I'm only aware of because of how badly it has been reacted to before when I've done it non-purposefully. It's really frustrating that I'm being left without an answer, but I'm aware that it might still be difficult for people to see this on a dashboard, so the only option I really have is to deliberately produce weird analytics.  

I'm deliberately holding off saying or mentioning anything that's as specific as I usually speak, in reference to particular politicians and figures over the last few days, and this is a deliberate withdrawal of my labour.  

I'm not asking people to believe me, I know what I'm saying sounds absolutely ridiculous. I'm completely open to this being bullshit and it being something that gives the impression that this is the case but actually works differently. This is the only way in which I can really work with the information and it seems to be that when I use this system of understanding, I do get responses in progress in the legal requests.  

I also just want to reiterate that it's not because I'm special that my data is possibly been used, but rather that it was an unusual type of data available at a certain period of time, where people who have later proved themselves to be manipulative, abusive, and duplicitous were able to see and access that data. In many ways, this is just wrong time wrong place, where unscrupulous people had access, and whether there was the ability to claim, tenuously, national security over the data.  

It does appear that sale of access significantly increased in relation to diaspora sentiment after 2021, and to be honest, I might never have known about it if it hadn't got so ridiculous.  

---

[撞址 指专 指 撞址 址 专拽, 指  专 注址 址专注专爪.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWp2vn/)

[  转旨转 拽注 注  址爪 祝 爪 转转. し锔](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWCAjn/)

---

[Maybe I'm misremembering the details slightly, but delivering "an aid truck" of deceased Palestinians has also been done.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRU72dhC/) I seem to remember taking a truck of people and returning a truck of bodies. Late 2024 got very psychological, and this is the ultimate result of not halting the later stages of genocide. Having failed has-been Westerners carve up Gaza in a Board of Peace... honestly, yes, even as an antizionist Jew, the Eretz itself is felt to be a sacred place, I just also believe Palestinian people are full humans and that that is their land (these are not hard concepts)... and to see Westerners with questionable values carve it up obstensively for Zone Of Interest tourism hubs with a concentration camp on the side, was deeply disturbing to me as a Jew.  

I will never stfu about Palestinian liberation; you have proven to me that my life depends on theirs, so why would I?  

---

["This isn't just about individual monsters."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRU719ne/)

---

[This is not uncommon, and as I have been brough up to conceive myself as white, it is very unlikely that I am going to shut up about it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWor5F/) How dare anyone complain of "terrorism" to weapons factories, when activity like this is completely normal for us? I thought we didn't negotiate with parties engaging in this sort of behaviour towards our citizens?  

Apparently you are only safe if you are a child sex offender or a UAV.  

---

[Hm. Looking up rando social media of members and local groups and nitpicking?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUWvodx/) Can't imagine who does that.  

*Would seek to desroy everyone in his path.  

Sometimes these people meet their match, innit.  

---

[What is not being said, throughout the media, is very interesting.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUcgU7x/)  

Beth Rigby is someone that I can have a completely different opinion to, and I still find a coverage to be robust enough to be able to understand what's going on with a given issue. There are two things that are not being mentioned by most media sources that I find really curious, and particularly curious that I haven't heard her mention   them, because as I said, she *tends* to be reasonably robust.  

This whole business is quite frustrating, because it's very similar to the journalistic lack that we've seen throughout operation iron swords, and in the wider context of why we're here with the Epstein files, and this continued repeated pressure on the media to point the blame anywhere else but at the press, it's uncomfortable.  

The media in a democracy is a really important pillar, in order to keep that democracy. I'm not suggesting anything in particular, only than to say that if journalists cannot operate freely in an open press, because one of their bosses doesn't really want a story to gain ground, or one of their bosses really wants this to go a certain way, or one of their bosses doesn't want to get into trouble... that's actually a really serious risk to a democracy functioning as a democracy.  

The first thing that I'm going to say is that we all knew that Mandelson hung out with Epstein. It would be very ignorant for us all, to not think that the relationship was that close given what was already in the public domain. Nothing in the files is that surprising, from that point of view. The survivors of Epstein have been very consistent in telling their stories; if you listen to them, again, the contents of the files shouldn't be surprising.  

The second part I think is very awkward for the media because of how we now consume our media. It's sort of the done thing in this country that we like to have a very quick turnover of a scandal and a very public execution if you will, of political figures. Really unfortunately, and I can see where everyone's mad, but there has literally been a police investigation that started, and some of these resignations are coming after that point and after there has been a raid on two houses. I don't think it's unfair to say that no political party going through something like this is going to know 100% who is involved in who needs to go, and again to call for the resignation of Keir Starmer but to have absolutely no problem at all with Nigel Farage, David Cameron, Boris Johnson... a lot of the problems which have a reason because of this connection, actually involve a lot of other men in Westminster, several of whom are still knocking around and actively part of circles where people network. The desperation to push one or two actors out, doesn't really help if what we actually wanted was to protect women and children.  

& then, because GB news lives on another planet entirely, they are desperately trying to make this somehow about Pakistani men. Now I don't know about you, but the photos in the Epstein files show some brown men, but hugely, largely, almost exclusively white men, in large part white Christian men, being gigantic ski balls and all intensive purposes being part of a very large, very powerful grooming gang.  

Hate to break it to you all, but noone wants to be raped by *anyone*. It's not somehow less painful by a white penis. Non-men are not your property by default.  

It is sometimes really hard to look at how people are responding to the situation and wonder if they're just getting carried away, whether they're just that racist and that's what they want to believe, or whether this is a desperate narrative that we're clinging to because it would help us elect some Nazi-like project in the form of Reform UK... or whose alibi this is.  

If I had one piece of advice for organisations like GB news, it would be to stop trying to make fetch happen with British Pakistani men, because you are at this point kind of making it look a lot like there is actively a reason why you are generating this story in particular.  

There's also this thing that gets done, which is that, and I experienced this during the iron swords era harrassment, sometimes men from the dominant racial group will just describe in detail a theoretical rape or gang rape to you. They are, in effect, telling you what they want to do to you, and pretending it comes from other men. They are telling you how much they respect women.  

That's what that behaviour sounds like to me when you do it.  

So I guess it depends what you're going for, but personally I'm not really that into it.  

---

"Thank you" to the guy whose platform generates tonnes of AI CSEM? [Rupert, are you okay?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUcVgc5/) [But you're leading this?](https://uk.news.yahoo.com/norfolk-PM mps-crowdfunded-rape-gang-131000419.html)  


Would I be asking too much that the men can just step aside for one fucking second and let some of the people who who've actually survived this form of violence do some of the fucking leadership and organisation and manage the process?  

I'm not saying you can't help, but you're doing the same thing that we complain about in lots of different contexts, where you are being very paternalistic, and you are applying this to a situation that you know barely anything about.  

This is, in essence, the biggest criticism of structures like the "board of peace"; we see white men slip in somehow, to somewhere that's suffered a problem they caused, and endured violence essentially from them or people networked to them, and then they decide what it is in your best interests.  

It's incredibly patronising, incredibly dehumanising, and it's just not an efficient form of governance that prioritises cost benefit analysis, as much as it prioritises the egos of a very small group of (predominantly) white men.  

Quite honestly, I watch the African continant with great interest currently, I'm not unaware of the degree of complexity that exists in this, and that it's not super simple, but it is just quite satisfying to watch the same men and the same women that you would denegrate, in many cases build more for their countries. I personally can't wait until I see the dynamic flip in the representation of body like the UN. We are very close to that point, and I think this is a very good explanation as to why the racist white men are panicking.  

BLM and MeToo got "too close" in 2020; Epstein and co whine about (essentially people but financing civil liberties causes) for ages in his files. It's because it didn't make them more money, and it would instrumental make it more difficult for them to continue their criminal behaviour without scrutiny. they essentially have a bit of a panic and start deciding to fund and promote alt right and authoritarian causes.  

So they can continue to abuse kids and hoard wealth.  

Just clarifying.  

We live like this so that a small group of people could abuse kids and hoard wealth.  

They are genuinely terrified of something like the French Revolution happening, mostly because they are putting the prerequisite conditions in place themselves?  

Like sir... I feel like that there might be a fix that doesn't involve making the world worse? We could just not make it worse than the first place. It would save a lot of time and effort, here.

---

[](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRUcsLMF/)

---

Geolocation is now pinging to multiple places in the UK, which feels a lot more like it's probably a normal experience, than getting these really concentrated waves.  

There's still a consistent company that shows up but, eh. Unsuprising.  

Still writing under duress without a lawyer; would like one without poaching. x  

---

[What the political class could learn from, is that you are collectively obviously quite vulnerable to this specific personality, as we all are.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRU3d7yK/) The same people are often very pleasent to some, and a different person entirely to others. Please believe your colleagues even when you were treated well bybthat person.  

---

I'm saying something in data which makes me want to clarify something in case  anyone is reading this as a relatively new reader:  

I am not perfect with antiracism.  
I am not just pretending to care about it.  
If you need to believe that I'm only here because it helps me, do appreciate that I have been so racialised through this process, and insulted in directly racist ways, and that sort of mindset doesn't tend to just pick out one or two groups, it tends to just go for anyone who's a bit different.  

I mean, "the Jew doesn't like racism"?  
Next you'll be telling me how Jews don't like Nazis.  

What is the point in being considered white at least some of the time, if I don't use it to lift up other people, and reduce the gradient of shitter that we choose to have exist in our society?  

What is the point of benefiting from something if you're not going to share it with your community? I don't see the point.  

We are social animals; this is prosocial behaviour. If that has been kicked out of you, I am very sorry for that.  

---
