Delay is a tactic of the weak.  

Internet is returning answers which are structured to deter from legal action, tools failing.  

Lawyers are always poached just after first comms goes out.  

Too disabled to reliably leave the hiuse to be able to turn in the IPT paperwork, which takes many months. Data controllers are blocking and ICO has to go on good faith only.  

Rich men can take your voice and sexually harrass you as much as they like in this country.  

You were 15 when it started? Who cares!  

They will protect each other, leak your rape trials, arrest you, take away your dreams of being a doctor several times as you just reach completion.  

They don't care. You are chattel. And they do what they want.  

They're a security risk?  

That's fine.  

We would rather they were confortable than ever risk your body or your soul having a scrap of protection.  

You deserve it, you whore.  

[Don't worry. They'll make sure you are beaten into survival sex work, watch and listen to you, call it business, and tell themselves how holy they are because no one would ever pay for a monent with them.)  

They will use you for everything you don't want, tgey will torture you, and they will laugh as you bleed.  

They will emsure there is noone to truat.  

When you're "all used up", they will carve you up, half for covering a grooming scandal at home, and half to cover a genocide abroad.  

They will do everything to ensure you die quiet.  

They already have money.  

They just like the power of making you squirm.  

Men will be "too scared" to confront the surveillance contacts in case of some embarrassing monent captured.  

Meanwhile your legs are being torn off one by one, like a sadistic child tortures a bug.  

The MOD has oversight and won't soeak to me. Univesity silent. Cabinet Office silent. Crown silent.  

They move, vut they never acknowledge my existence, other than to say my life is too expensive to save.  
