So I think something really interesting exists, which might explain why the UK engaged in a very particular way around a particular issue, which it is still currently not on the right side of its own domestic law on.  

Ever since I said all of the stuff that I said about the book, and talked about that author in relation to Palestine and to counterterrorism and antizionism, something quite interesting as come up on my feed.  
Because somebody clearly thinks that I still belong to the state of Israel and I'm currently its property (G-d bring forward the liberation, my days), someone's running this story of looping back to this email from 2022.  

Which I love, because it really shows that that email was a lot more planned out than it's ever been admitted. Emailing question, is apparently a "drunk email", according to this narrative that is permeating the feed currently. That's really interesting, because it is proposing sexual activity, defining a time place and location that puts the sender at a very specific policing/counterterrorism conference in 2022, but in addition to that, I appreciate that the man is Scottish and basically from a foreign country in that regard, but are you honestly telling me that when this person is drunk, if they do drink, they sound like a native Hebrew speaker, speaking colonial Gulf school style English, from the Negev?  

I obviously can't say for definite, it's not my specialism, but that's what it sounds like, and that's actually really difficult to replicate if you're really drunk, and a native English speaker; if this is this man making a drunk email, I think we at least have to take our hats off for how much he sounds like a Mossad agent from a very specific generation, because that's quite impressive.  
Especially for a guy who isn't Jewish.  

Again, I appreciate Glasweigan is a little tricky if you're not used to anything above the M25, but I really don't feel like they're complete foreigners to the UK. 
I would really like someone to offer the explanation to any of what I'm looking at, from an official position, because right now I am living in the universe where I have to accept that my Jewish brothers genuinely thought this was a good idea; or, as depressingly, "owed the favour".  

I'm embarrassed on behalf of the whole house, if this is the case.  

Dear White People Who Are Very Lost:  
Mamy countries have multiple languages; this is very much the case across historical Palestine, including the parts commonly referred to as, "the State of Israel". There is certain groups in generations who are more likely to have been taught Hebrew from a very young age, compared to someone who will have been speaking a lot of English, or other languages like Russian. I'm going to leave the story of language in that state at that, if you're new here.  

The important thing that I need to convey to you is that this is sounds a lot like this has been constructed by a native Semitic language speaker, and it's being ascribed to someone who is not that. Specifically for me and my experience, and I am not an expert, this sounds like someone who grew up in the Negev in the 60s or 70s, and the majority of their learned English being in the form that is in many different territories which used to have British colonial presenc. A lot of those colonial languages schools have a specific style to them, so you could really limit down exactly who it is from the text.  
The idea that we're supposed to believe that some lad from Glasgow can replicate that whilst under the influence of anything, is very funny to me.  

I feel like I'm skirting so much on the Northern/Scottish humour bridge here, but if this person drinks alcohol, I just can't imagine large parts of the email being very specifically constructed and in a very precise "diplomacy English" manner, and then part of it being a copy and paste list full of grammatical errors, and not having any corrections... when as we have pointed out, this person includes multiple indexes, with notes in the indices, in their written work. Does that seem like the same person to you?  

Additionally, even if I thought that it was "real", I don't understand why I'm supposed to give a fuck; white men send or say worse than this to my face on a regular basis. I feel like some of you really don't understand how bad the sexism problem in most industries is; white men say it rather than write it so that they never get caught doing it.  

I can promise you now, the vast majority of any racialised men are absolutely terrified to speak to me, period, because of how much fear has been driven into them by white men parading themselves around as if they're really hurt by the fact that no one wants to fuck them, even though they keep having lots of opinions about doing violence to women and also doing violence to any men who are effeminite; they are not acting like people who want to continue their species.  

I bring this up, especially with the book, because there appears to be some sort of gatekeeping mechanism potentially by a few people slightly removed from each other, which appears to be gatekeeping a significant part of my identity and likeness, whilst continuously acting against my interests, particularly to other parties, yet I'm not really understanding who that is or why they think they've got the authority to do so.  

The fact that they keep trying to point it towards just being an Israeli problem, really does make me think that there's a lot more white men involved, who really just want this to look like a Jewish intracommunal problem, when what it really is, is white man benefiting from the fact that we still have a fair degree of antisemitism in this country.  

I mean, I'm just guessing, but the way in which this is being done is not just Canary Mission – there is that element to what's happening, but there is 100% part of this where there are white men who think they know everything about Jews, who absolutely don't.  

During one of my healthcare appointments, for absolutely no reason, I was asked a number of questions which essentially try to give some of the argument that you would use in Bet Din, but just not in my specific circumstances from the information that was already known.  
The information would've already been known to British state security in the right part of that apparatus, so this again points to some very specific parties.  
When you look at annoying white men who have been hanging around the Jewish community like a bad smell, there's only so many faces.  

They're all cut from the same fucking cloth.  

This particular cluster, also sits very close to law, defence, intelligence, surveillance, and some very specific areas of the Islands, in particular.  
This is why we don't trust people when they say they want to represent our interests, unless they start actually representing our fucking interests, where we are the ones who are leading, and they actually listen to the stuff that doesn't also benefit them.  

"You're not a colleague – you're a fucking coloniser."  

Quite literally, or so I've heard.  

This is the same email that's almost certainly misinterpreted a bit of data exhaust, and filled in the blanks with their own genital insecurities. Men are terribly funny to me.  

Bet you're wishing you hadn't started poaching my lawyers now, aren't you?  

& to be absolutely fair to my brothers and sisters who are of a more Zionist disposition: they may not actually feel that they own me per se, so much as they are...*in custody of access to me*.  

This is particularly annoying, because the person(s) who is responsible here, absolutely shouldn't be fucking around with my data and my shit anyway.  

I'm an adult, not a child; get me a lawyer. Not a shit one like some of you, a better one.  

---

I'm not plucking Israeli intelligence firms out of nowhere: I'm Jewish and technically fall under some portions of Israeli law if you really forced it to fit (because all Jews belong to us, essentially), I continuously geolocate to where Unit 8200 is most likely present in the UK, I get very strange responses to legal correspondence when I clarify my nationality, and there appears to be something OSA-like in the way of clarifying integrety of significant portions of my data.  

And, after the week of the 20 foot penis, it is only been very, very recently, that my TikTok feed does not contain a very strange mixture of dark romance fantasy paired with Ottoman history, to the point where this looks so specifically fetishised, for a very specific mindset. This would be whilst we were watching lots of audit videos from Palestine protests, and checking who is getting arrested comments who hadn't gotten arrested, who had had complaints at work, who had not had complaints at work... you get the idea.  

I appreciate that that's not definitive evidence, but it did make quite an impression on me.  

Thank you to the State of Israel for a kink none of us really needed. Am Yisrael Chai.  

The white men from policy, can read Project Esther, and imagine what the Internet would do with that information, and you've basically got the entire thing.  

None of you are Mordecai in this. I just want to clarify: none of you. You get the triangle heads. Do better.  

---

Am I worth this level of spend? Only if you did something very expensive and profitable with my data.  

Do you know who is probably worth that amount of spend to get them to shut the fuck up?  

Yeah. Exactly.  

I am merely the accessory, Esther.  

Whoever did this to one of the Matriarchs needs to have a serious fucking look in the mirror.  

You have clearly forgotten how you came into this world, and the gender of the human beings most likely to help you depart from it, lest you piss them off too much.  

I'm telling you: there are men in this world, who are acting like they do not want the species to continue. They're like lemmings but they spread it to everyone else.  

---

[This is the mentality of the Project Esther crowd, incidently; they are not using us to protect us.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJrc6Q/)  

---

Oh, yup. The Men™️ are upset.  

Awwww.  

It's not my fault your forgeries are so bad.  

---

So I got a few additional "dig" videos, but now what I'm getting is life advice for men, about what women actually like, and telling me that it's not about my money or my abs, and essentially explaining to me to be a well-rounded human being.  

This is happened so many times before and I just think it's always so funny.  

It's like the algorithm is really trying to help them, and it's really confused about which one of us is which.  

(I got mirrored a lot by one of the surveillance parties; there's been a few sources.)  

---

Whilst this all does suggest some very serious business, I just want to point out something cultural.  

If you did set up a system like this, where you essentially police access to a Jew on behalf of white men, all Medinat Israel would need to do is send a text to itself being like, "hey babe, what up", to play on white male possession and jealousy.  

It would be so easy, looking at the man and how they react to other men, to have them lose their shit at another man for... your wind up.  

The world is deeply racist, and we are not always considered white. The state was built on counterinsurgency brought over from the British attempt to put down the IRA (as in, what is now the Army of ROI). It isn't surprising to me when I see this, partially because when you are always treated like you're *going* to be dublicitous, it starts shaping how you act, in part because why would you bother acting above the standard they set for you?  

What is fascinating, is how white men continue to fall for things like this; we do often play in your faces, and the state does it as much as some of us do it individually. This is a core part of many strands of humour by groups in a power dynamic like this. This is what makes the dual relationship that the Medinat finds itself in (both oppressed by whiteness but also a force of white supremacy, chiefly targeting the indigenous population of Palestine, wherever they are), is strange to watch.  

It's like looking at someone who deeply inderstands the game, and yet continue to enact it and pretend they don't understand fairness or rules, when applied to someone else.  

This is actually one of the key failures of much of the lawfare that seeks to (supposedly) promote Israel's interests: if we resist like oppressed people towards whiteness, we cannot claim we do not know what Palestinians are going through; our cultural intimacy with exile, oppression, and genocide, only incriminates us further if we continue to advance this narrative.  
Far more useful to atrocity prevention going forward, would be to understand why that cycle of violence perpetuated, often simutaneously, and how to interrupt our own actions which contribute to the ongoing mismatch between the promise and the reality.  

I also find it bizarre that you wouldn't want to repossess European lands; do you not think it's interesting, which countries support this colonisation process?  

All those who quietly took the land when people left.  

But you know. Keep putting sticks in the spokes of the bike, I guess.  

---

[This was the same line Mandelson gave, so, no, I don't think it's good enough.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJReuE/) I also just think a lot of people do not understand, in some cases rather willingly, how many rapes are NFA'd. It's one of the most common crimes where nothing happens, and this is almost entirely system failure; private convictions get results.  

Britain chooses to only partially criminalise SV.  

---

[Meanwhile, this is what a male ally looks like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf1chxy/)

---

[Or: they are genuinely confused about where their leak is.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJ9ACa/) we are in the middle of something that has happened in waves, within the last few years; I don't mean to alarm you, but we are in the middle of a coordinated antidemocratic action.  

This is most likely, enlarge part, being done through digital nudging and covert surveillance.  

Given that the UK is currently holding some accountability over Epstein files actions, and that directly implicates both the United States and Israel, and ultimately threatens any of the last 20 years of what are likely Russian state actions against the UK... oh, and the alt right is here for the ride, but let's be honest they're mostly being used by more powerful men...  

The UK is at significant risk currently, and we've never had a conversation about this, so we're not actually that prepared for how to handle it; this is a novel threat to us as a country.  

It's not actually that important to understand who externally is acting upon us, as much as it is to understand what seems odd, and prod whether or not that it looks like there is a benefit that is not clear and obvious at the surface. 

I've spent 2 million words writing about this, and I appreciate that some of it really sucks, but I'm hopeful that at least some of this might be useful, if this is all very scary and very new.  

These actions have happened towards the Palestinian advocacy community in this country, Black and brown people in this country, as well as the trans community in this country, and towards survivors of sexual violence in this country and whistleblowers, as well as disabled people and neurodiverse people. All of these people have been impacted by the same mechanisms that are currently being used.  

We are literally in a place where if you don't listen to survivors of these issues, there is a really good chance that you will lose this country to Vladimir Putin or Steve Bannon, or such similar force of testosterone-flavoured ridiculousness.  

I appreciate these are all the "categories" of people that we have been told to hate for several years now, but they are literally your canaries and your Cassandras; ignore at your own peril.  

Personally, I cannot be arsed to learn Russian grammar; it is incredibly complicated, past a certain point.  

I mean, fuck, if you'd rather have a physical book then read this... I mean, I probably know one, for this exact problem. Weird, that.  

Gosh, I wonder why there was such an interest to suppress it.  

---

If you want the really easy line in response to basically any news story:  

But what will we do, about the revelations from the Epstein files, which suggests that there may be a similar problem of abuse of power and tolerated practices of sexual violence and trafficking, in the UK?  

That's the line.  

If you want to knock it up or not you can start pointing out that a lot of the Epstein files conversations, I directly relevant to not just problems in the UK, but also to specific political events of instability, of currency devaluation, and that several men are named who are not being asked questions.  

Believe me, I can go on.  

If we want to move into the new century, we need to clean house.  

[There are continually more names coming out, across different jurisdictions; the DOJ is deliberately stalling.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJQEeF/) Apart from how horrific this is for survivors, this is not a political scandal that will go away for Britain, so in the interest that we actually get any of the other things done that we need to get done, it does suit our national interest to just clear house of any men and any women who are currently in office and are also part of the problem.  

It also suits our national interest, to start putting in robust surveillance laws, which limit the capacity for this to be misused as information in this country, and which limit the capacity for companies to basically extort us, should they come across information which is incriminating and suggest that the British state did not take appropriate action, according to it its own laws.  

Yes: I am suggesting that we need to know who the people are, who are obstructing democratic process, and anyone facilitating criminal action, and I am stating that given the information that has been disclosed into the public domain, in part by the DOJ disclosures, but also in several statements from people mentioned in those files, who are part of our own ecosystem, as well as the various different scandals that we have had in our own country, that we have an active bipartisan problem, where there are people who benefit from this situation, who will be very difficult to remove, and you ultimately are acting as gatekeepers for the rest of the British establishment apparatus.  

That's really unhealthy.  

We need to clean house.  

There are many names of British men and British women who are part of the way in which our services and our government work in this country, who appear to have been in very close contact with Epstein or his direct contacts, whoever have never been questioned in public. These include close contacts which were held well after Epstein was not only charged as a child sex offender, but also after he was looking at realistic charges for sex trafficking, which led to his final detention, pending trial.  

There are multiple places where he gave money, and it would be ridiculous of us to assume that this is limited to only the British organisations named so far; Epstein was someone who had made a lot of money from investment, or at least engaged with people within that industry, and Britain is a significant financial services market. We also host and have benefited from investment, some of which is not fully accounted for in the public domain, in the areas which Epstein was directly interested in.  

There is overlap between these industries and where their research and development is done, where the grooming scandals in this country have happened, and where the alt right has experienced rising popularity in this country; this does not simply just point to poverty and deprivation being a significant democratic risk, but also should invite questions from a healthy media in a liberal democracy, in order to question the extent of relationship relationships which were present, and which are currently present, and which are currently impacting our political system and our democratic system.  

This does not simply impact violence towards women and children, unfortunately I hate to tell you this, but it impacts everything else around it, because once you have one type of corruption within a system, you invite other forms of corruption, and you lower the standards across the board. Private Eye captured this well on many occasions over the years, and I believe still runs the "Rotten Boroughs" section.  

This is an area where independent media in this country is doing a far stronger job of holding appropriate conversations which actually led the media to be the fourth pillar of democracy that it is supposed to be, and we should be deeply critical of any outlets who are not covering this in the level of depth which the democracy demands.  

---

Side note: [football is the fifth pillar of democracy in this country](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJpj9e/).  

[Ash Sarkar is a good choice for voicing this argument; reason this is articulated very differently when it comes from people like Ash, is that it hits differently when it's actually come from people who really thought this process out and thought about the other options.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfJAo8x/) There are plenty of voices like this who exist across independent media in the UK, and who are knowledgeable and very experienced on the subjects. They often have expertise knowledge because of the nature of independent media compared to what a more institutionalise media looks like. This is the kind of reporting that the UK public really needs at this moment. This is largely because, on an emotional level, the UK public is no longer connecting to the voices within institutionalised media; apart from the fact that they are human and just will have biases that mean that they connect with certain people, and that some of these people may or may not be involved in the wider network under scrutiny, it's also a case that institutional journalists are more likely to have been legally curtailed *and still be in position*, and therefore have picked up the habits of institutionalised journalism which mean that, "I can't criticise X, or I can't criticise a certain policy".  

This is obviously not universally true, but it has been something that has really been impacted by lawfare, as previously discussed, and inherently this is an area where we often become accustomed to a culture over time, and it takes a while to unlearn it. This doesn't necessarily mean you need to get rid of everyone in the media and replace them tomorrow – there are ways to make this work in this space of transition and transformation.  

In terms of matching the national mood however, it is worth noting that we do need people who are a lot closer to the public, than journalists who have learned how to survive within a very stressful and very competitive institution, and whose style deeply reflects that environment.  

---

[I love the comments section on her videos; this is what a vaguely more helpful internet looks like.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfeJWsf/) Obviously I expect our edgelords to NOT run to sockpuppet and bot; everyone is tired of you.  

---

[The media being saved on this, by the paper that used to have questionably-aged topless modelling, is sort of the "not the hero you asked for, but the hero you're getting" moment.](https://www.thesun.co.uk/royals/38209819/andrew-women-buckingham-palace-lolita-express/)  

BBC and Guardian are both quiet, the BBC is literally as quiet as in the ongoing genocide of Gaza.  

The Telegraph is on topic but scattered, The Times is far more relevant. The Mail is also reporting it, which means that with The Sun, the two will foist it on everyone else anyway.  

No one is mentioning that there is an immenant deadline, which ultimately may start listing all perpetrators.  

It's so weird. So, so weird. Risk matrices are jarringky different at each outlet; this is unprecidented.  

It also means there is a strong possibility, that any sticky beneze ring of perpetrators or benefactors trying to self-preserve, is actively losing control.  

There also appear to be two seperate briefings on whether or not Charles assisted financially to fund the settlement. This is extremely rare, to have a conflicting narrative. This suggests something more afoot.  

---

Two potential explanations to weed out:  

- Sources or a leak point collapsing.
- King Charles is both, Charles the human being, and The King. It is possible for both versions of the statements to be true... if and only if the loan arose from the office of the Crown under the late Queen, and is now under the oversight of the King.

---

Thank G-d, incidentally, for the "no upper limit" to the SAR portion of the FOIA. That is what I will say for now.  

Also an external actor appears to have backed off even high-risk-of-failure transactions (because Palestinian money is policed like you wouldn't believe), which is very interesting.  

Thank you to whoever said, "Lads. LADS."  

---

And this is why you should never mess the people around who have to tolerate you for a living:  

"We put it down to him being a shagger, and because he’s a prince, and he wouldn’t give us the names because he’s a complete arsehole to staff."  

This last bit does appear to be the general consensus.  

It also doesn't take a genius to look at the DOJ email disclosures, and imagine the "coded messages" that had to be tolerated. You can imagine half of this shit being said with wiggling eyebrows and bouncing slightly on the balls of the feet.  

---

On FOIA law in all this, it should be noted that contracting and disclosure around the Royal Household is very different to public institutions. FOIA was under a Blair Cabinet in 2000, and essentially gives unique carve-put for absolute discretion, in essentially any case without explanation. This is partially why Pitch@Palace was so fraught and so risky for the national interest, as governance was ultimately unenforcable.  

I'm going to let the audience work out what the huge problem is, here, especially where not just the Royal Household, but other Crown assets were potentially misused so freely.  

The fact that we have building corroborating testimony that the assets under the Royal Household were utilised, probably without full disclosure to the Crown at that time, shows how ripe this carve-out was for misuse.  

Blair and Mandelson were in the ecosystem for this legislation, and Mandelson had at least some contacts in common with Maxwell at this time.  

If misuse was present, every Cabinet since would have likely had sight whenever risk rose, but would also be bound by security legislation to a certain extent.  

There is a building portfolio of evidence, that the governance around such matters, ought to be reviewed.  

---

[The extraordinary lengths to which Cabinets have gone to, to cover specific industry which involves itself in unlawful activity abroad, is not an unrelated issue.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfFVpGr/)  

---

[Goodness. They've had to start sounding not like a bunch of nationalist socialists again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfYavPU/)  

---

So why are the "concessions" for policing Palestinian resistance in the UK, going hand-in-hand with the increasing disclosures around Andrew, Bibi?  

Curious, no?  

---

[These guys could just shut up on the matter, and stop holding wealth, if they wanted us all to not use benefits.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfYLw6j/)  

---

[Before anyone gets on their high horse about the ECHR, it's also what gives you workers' rights, realistically.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfYk7uJ/)  

---

[Let's talk about "misogynoir".](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfY5BJ6/)  

Kemi and Keir have both at times acted for survivors, and at other times missed the mark.  

I've taught many times in the last six months, although obviously it's gone on a lot longer, about how the British state has instrumentalised and utilised the behaviours which make up this violence, and has done so for many years; this is a key part of our colonial past across the days of the empire, both at home and abroad.  

I also just find it absolutely wild, that the Labour Party has decided for whatever reason, that rather than attack the actual root causes of the issue, it still has members who are going out talking shit about other people, when it comes to this matter. Quite frankly, until you do not have any nonces in your party, this is incredibly risky terrain.  

And you might ask me why I'm pointing out the intersectionality issue, but again it's become very clear to me in the last few years that as a Jewish woman you will not respect me unless you can offer the basic amount of respect to Black British women as well. So even if it was an issue that made me look good or whatever bollocks that people say to undermine what I'm saying, it's also just a reality that you will always see me as subhuman in comparison to another white woman, even though I was a white woman a few years ago, for all intents and purposes, and still remain in many situations a white woman.  

What makes me really angry about appearances like this, is that this is someone who probably does have a lot to contribute on this issue, and she's quite new to this level of press briefing, and so is essentially being floated by someone or some people who are acting in a more behind-the-scenes manner. This is really shitty, and almost certainly we are looking at people who are wanting to paper over the cracks and not actually get to the root cause issue within the party.  

When parties do this, it's really exploitative to people who do want to do work for survivors like this MP, because these are issues that are normally picked up during media training and press briefing, and also just exposure to the wider national party (esp in "I represent the party" capacity). Part of addressing our own biases is just coming across different groups of people a lot and going, "huh, I did not realise I thought that way". That's actually really common and very normal as a matter of personal growth.  

What is very annoying in politics that we see all the time, is when people are shoved out to be media tested, the risk entirely falls on them personally, not on the people who have arranged this and absolutely do know better, or so desperate to install their own support and their own cover, that they are prepared to risk someone else's reputation.  

I am fully aware that this person probably has no idea how that comment can be construed, and is probably not aware that they may have some bias towards the other side of the house that is showing up in a way that can look like, and can look a lot like, misogynoir.  

It doesn't take active insults for someone to be looked down upon, and we do do this a lot in this country to each other without even realising it, in respect to a number of different presentations of our identity.  

The key question that I would ask back about this, is that: are we seriously expecting Kemi Badenoch, whilst she was a Cabinet Minister (not a Prime Minister), to have the same social power to effect change as a white male Prime Minister?  

That's not a shit on Kemi Badenoch; that's to acknowledge that Black women are not taken as seriously as white men, even when the white man has employed several people who have very close relationships if not worse, with child sex offenders.  

Is everyone high? Are we actually serious?  

Incidentally, this is why I also struggle a lot with left spaces which are framed around women and not intersectional issues; this is why I moved to voting Green.  

I mean, that's a lie. It's mostly because genocide is my red line but, something that is noticeably different, is the tolerance of intersectionality as, "just part of life, just part of the business of political representation".  

It's probably why I don't have to have an argument with people quite as often about, "genocide bad".  

What really pisses me off is that unless there's candor or transparency brought to that particular decision by journalists, we may never actually find out who the guys behind it are, and those guys behind it are the ones that keep character assassinating any women who come into leadership.  

I can almost guarantee that the same men are probably the ones who put Jess Phillips up, who has similarly been put through media appearances where she wasn't correctly briefed, it wasn't her speciality, or essentially undermined significantly the policies that she has historically put forward successfully.  

These men are men who one may not expect to be the absolute bastards that they are; they do understand what they are doing, however.  

What they are doing, is to treat women as a minority that are expendable, able to take on risk, yet unable to protect themselves adequetely from men who deliberately cultivate and groom a sense of indebtedness.  

Patriarchy and white supremacy in a workers party is evidence of infiltration by the capitalist class; no one is free until we are all free.  

---

I also do look at these issues in Leftist parties and really wonder sometimes how much bullshit the men in certain positions must be speaking, for us to have women in certain levels (and again, this happens with cabinet ministers even), where we see explanations given, apparently an earnest, about how it's not possible to protect women and children in ways that are absolutely licensed in this country, are absolutely possible in this country, and when they are used privately to secure convictions, they get the goods.  

A huge majority of violence against women and children in this country is absolutely possible to pick up on the existing surveillance done both by the government and by private companies, and for which there are provisions within the law. If the different arms of our government are unable to secure convictions and unable to reduce that violence, then that is a political and strategic choice that they are making.  

If it was about money, you just reduce the amount of surveillance in total, but you would prosecute where there is evidence.  

If I was a woman in the mid to senior tear of the labour party right now, I would start asking myself which of the men around me benefit directly from my ignorance on these matters.  

Political inclusion and true solidarity, means that we teach each other and we share knowledge, and we transfer skills and we engage in mutual knowledge transfer with each other. If men are not telling us, "oh hey did you know that the law actually makes it super easy to like, watch through peoples' devices under this particular surveillance law, you could totally get every rapist tried if we wanted to", then we have to ask ourselves why they benefit from our ignorance, when the fact that that is the reality of that portion of law in our country.  

And labour should know because labour brought a lot of of those laws in, under the Blair cabinets.  

If you want to take a shot at the Conservatives, their names are David Cameron and Boris Johnson, not Kemi Badenock.  

We have to be very careful as women, that we don't fall into this trap of essentially covering for men who should be taking accountability and responsibility for decision-making, rather than doing the hard thing and just letting the baby drop when it needs to drop.  

If the men have failed, let them fail.  

If you want to see how black women are treated in politics, including in leftist parties, please look at how women like Dianne Abbott and Dawn Butler are treated.  

The standard is abysmal, and we have to let the white men fail, if that's what allows room to fundamentally change the system.  

---

I'm finally getting that very close personality match TikTok that you guys keep saying you all had, [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfYQ7uu/) was the first video that came up.  

I mean...  

I'm not sure I have a defence for this. 🤣🤣🤣  

---

[I, too, be bamboozled.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfYvSbh/)  

---

[Translation: Scotland is saving the Labour Party from itself.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfY7dd7/)  

Feeling very Jacobian. I like.  

---

Repeated instances of device level access on contacts within Derbyshire Constabulary's juristiction. These contacts have no activist history. We're talking one letter to MP about a particularly bad pothole, type territory. LGA is the city not county, I believe.  

Good to know which police forces do not enforce the law to protect the public, regarding surveillance powers.  

"XYZ said it was okay"; cool, well.. buck stops with you, too.  

Epstein files deadline at midnight local time; ?EST.  

As a reminder: I was arrested on his first chemo day when we were romantic partners, snd there has still been no lawful reason given for the arrest, for which PACE was frequently breached. This is blocking me from raising appropriate legal action against that force.  

This included a partial strip search, partial removal of underwear, and forced removal of cultural/religious items in a manber which is not Halakhically appropriate (no metal, unless pikuach nefesh). Witholding of appropriate medication which was brought in appropriate form to be self administered, and damaged personal items. That's before we get into everything else; the testimony is not submissable as evidence, due to how it was obtained, and sought to establish intellegence of an organisation which was not proscribed, whose proscription was now deemed unlawful, and who, at best, I offered things like, "hey, if you guys are detained, do you need warm clothes bringing in or posted to you?". False premises were used to enter property to make the arrest. Information sharing frequently breached in a manner which undermined interpersonal violence reporting. Listened to rape jokes on return to address. Significant injuries due to lack of risk assessment for preexisting spinal nerve root damage.  
Multiple parties have sought to ise multiple unlawful means to block access to due process since, including any and all legal support.  

Our taxes at work.  

---

[What about if men have used national security provisions to monetise your rape like a product, Rupert? What then?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjrp55/)  

Or do Jews not count?  

[If you're all wanting to help survivors, please work cross-party to support each other.](https://bills.parliament.uk/bills/3974) You are going up against a very powerful lobby, when you seek to address rape, SV, CSE. You have to start preparing in advance, because they don't just have lawyers: they have allies in every establishment body, and you will need to expect unlawful interference.  

[Cross-government briefing on sexism being part of the problem is inconsistent, which tells us that yes, there is enough misogyny to be an active issue.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjAdjn/) Incidentally, we all know that this is an issue, so anyone pretending that it isn't, is just naïve.  

---

Incidentally, as I write this, I am having multiple device issues on a phone which works fine when I'm not criticising men. This started when I took a shower, to the tune, "Goodbye Earl".  

It was Cameron's Cabinet at the time that did not action the Pegasus scandal in the UK. This put our democracy at risk, and essentially allows any paedophile or rapist to access phones across the UK, as long as they have the money for the software. Forces do not investigate this; there is an active conflict of interest with major suppliers of this software and the entirety of policing procurement.  

Tech does not have the internal prosocial discipline to self-regulate the industry.  

This is a deregulated market which the West hosts under an apartheid regieme, testing the technology on Palestinians, which is then used to abuse women and children and undermine democracy in the imperial core.  

If you are not screaming for the mothers of Gaza, your feminism is not intersectional, and you are giving the rapists here what they need to abuse our children.  

"All oppression is connected."  

Before you even throw it back:  

European Jewry has largely only ever made money out of the supply and demand created by the greed of white men. We are historically the middlemen, not the chief originators of this violence. We are historically complicit, but we are not historically the core basis of the exploitation or extraction present.  

If you're feeling cornered as a white man, this suggests that you have benefitted from this dynamic, not that the rest of us are the problem.  

You can have your paddy, but personally I don't want Nazis, so I'm going to need you to be big boys and step it up once you're done bitching.  

---

[John McDonnell already asking the party to not embarrass itself any further.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjFHSQ/) 

[Presumably, one of the reasons that the Epstein lobby puts money and resource into undermining rape survivors in Scotland in particular, is that at least they're even talking about it, in comparison to Westminster.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjWhRr/)  

If I lived there, just going to note that these are the things which would make me vote to leave the Union. Not anything more substantive, than just "I don't want to be a second class citizen, and Westminster undermines that, in comparison to Holyrood".  

---

And we have confirmation that there is data loss within the me-CPS chain; I would like to say a massive "fuck you" to the men and women who made this possible. See you in court, motherfuckers. And... no. I do not care who the fuck you are or which side you are ordinarily on; justice is justice is justice. Consider it broadening one's experiences of the system.  

If you can't see the connection between this and the October 2023 narrative, or can't see how many legal and data irregularities are not just me, but anyone connected to me, have mysteriously appeared in that time - with specific reference to specific lobbies - I do not know what to tell you.  

I am a Jewish woman, a rape survivor, and I am far more scared of the men who hold positions of power and privilage in this country, than I have ever feared Hamas.  

Respectfully, Yahya Sinwar's murder video, to a non-insignificant number of Jews in the diaspora, looked like how we imagine cinematic portrayals of the Warsaw Uprising to look.  

That's why it didn't play out in the diaspora, even with people who hated Hamas; we were shown what it would look like, to be murdering the ancestors who fought against all odds to die standing.  

Political opinions aside, it struck a very particular nerve; this is why it failed as Hasbara.  

You could hate him, you could want to hurt him... but you also saw something that you couldn't unsee.  

Having that rammed down my throat on my feeds, made me fear my own brothers, far more than it made me feel negetively about Hamas.  

Well done for knocking the last remenants of liberal Zionism out of a lot of us – seeing the pride of many people talking about that event in celebration, was absolutely terrifying.  

I don't give a fuck if Palestinians have cheered violence before – this was from us, and it was for something that could happen to us.  

You can't walk that back.  

---

[They change what they mean by "white" depending on their mood swings.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjg53S/)  

"Balkanised" - so... Estonian? But you talked about African-American food and worship and music, which is a culture grown through the resistance to come erasure through what was essentially a slow genocide, during enslavement. So... the problem is white people?  

And you don't always include Irish or Italian, and "Scots-Irish" is a distinct cluster of Gaelic cultures which are very old, are no guarantee if you're "from Britain originally", and all of this us cery different to Anglo-Saxon culture, and that's before we ask if that's what you mean, or whether you mean, "English-speaking American".  

I just find it very confusing; I'm from one of those weird niche places that has Anglo-Saxon history everywhere, so we didn't just have museums, but a model village.  

Dw we also had a lot of an old Roman border wall, some forts, some *cough cough* sacred islands from which the Southerners have taken priceless things. *cough*  

Men will do anything but therapy.  

Reflecting on Lindesfarne as a microcosm, on that less extractive level, the emotional issue for locals is that the area is often the victim of policy-choice empoverishment, so the idea of having works of high cultural value and importance somewhere else, just feels like the entire dynamic is "take, take, take".  
You do that to any human, and we get snappy. That's just how life works. Anyone who has spent 5 minutes with other animals knows you can't just take from them all the time.  

---

[Did DHS know who it was addressing?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRfjp8MN/)  

Or is this the DHS trying to get the files trending so the DOJ has to do the bare minimum?  

---

Whoever is acting to protect from scrutiny on the current upload cycle, is invited to stand down.  

The fact that your departments have failed to answer emails and take accountability, even when I have been extremely clear with you of the impact on media and exposure risk, has left me in a position where this is likely exposure, in order to prevent further harms, which you have refused to take accountability for.  

If it's an emergency, which it clearly isn't, you would be in direct contact.  

Continuing device impacts breaches equality act protections and PSED, which do apply "even" under the circumstances, which are your embarrassment, not my error.  

(Can the security establishment please stop embarrassing us all?)  

This is not a national security issue; this is just aithoritarian power at this point. I've given repeated evidence of direct communications interference, direct evidence of legal evidence deletions, and temporal correlations across 6 months.  

This is not very sporting.  

---

No upload capacity for 15 mins and counting.  

No dictation for several hours.  

Contacts regularly stalling out after phone calls, on their devices as well.  

Several high risk data deletions, including legal interference in rape case in 2022; this precedes Gaza escalation in 2023.  

I am in a digital prison, significant portions of my data have been sold for defence industry profit, and so when, as a Jewish woman, I say, "absolutely _**fuck**_ Zionism, this is racism", I do, in fact, mean it.  

I was traded as a commodity and interfered with well before I had any specific optinion, concerning a country I was not a resident of, so the minute anyone even *starts* with some horseshit about how I "brought this on myself"?  

No. I didn't.  

The colonisers looted me first.  

Differing identities, united under extraction and exploitation.  

I know which government departments will not speak to me, so I do not want to hear the slightest little tweep about lack of evidence; this is obstruction, excused by "British interests", protecting those who exploit children.  

I'm sorry I had more drive and ambition than any of you when I was a child, and that is the only way you were able to start a twenty year trail of lies to support your own tiny little ball bearing egos, throughout this pilfering.  

I am sorry that I threaten you so much, by existing.  

As your resident digital infrastructure anchor, I will be acting accordingly.  

Still mostly housebound. Still lacking secure health services through digital insecurity. I guess that's what you get when you buy something to fit the whole country for a quid.  

---

DOI: 10.14763/2025.2.2009  

DOI: 10.1016/j.chbr.2023.1003437  

arxiv: Unveiling Internet Censorship: Analysing the Impact of Nation States' Content Control Efforts on Internet
Architecture and Routing Patterns  

That, with specific examples and analysis, is what I was trying to upload.  

Side note: Art Attack is coming back, apparantly.  

Mostly likely during COVID. Dataset is incorrectly classified Crown Property due to category/permissioning error, but was leaked late 2000s', so any external actor can get it, use it, and therefore: influence it.  

Absolutely fuck every Cabinet from 2000 to the present day; this is my general mood regarding the matter.  


I'm not ready to talk about the particular men I've been sent out to fucking raycat for, like all my purpose in life is, is to be someone's weird bait.  

---

Wifi downgraded to unusable speed.  

Only videos which load are selective, mostly churches in Norfolk and stud stablers.  

And birdwatching. Obviously.  

I'm so done.  

---

[Amazing how much we can moderate, and yet we "can't" protect kids online.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRf6Ptmb/)  

[CPP invests in grok, for some reason.]  

Wonder why I can't copy and paste that link.  

This is what authoritarianism looks like.  

Please consider being angrier.  

---

Clipboard is completely off. Does not work at all. Cannot restore.  

Fuck this piece of shit, paedophilic, genocidal regieme.  

Is that why you didn't like anything that sounded like globalising a revolution against corrupt power?  

---

I know why I am shown material "early"; I know, that you all know, that the COVID safety-netting algorithm for the UK is still in place.  

I know you're doing this on purpose.  

I know which contractors can deliver it.  

It would be nice, if the UK media could find its spine.  

Locking an anchor for such a tool out of IPT and interfering and holding SARs and FOIs for state embarrassment purposes, is unlawful.  

And it will undermine journalistic freedom until it is fixed.  

The risks posed by adverse interference are huge.  

(Interestingly, clipboard works when I removed a line which the regieme would find offensive.)  

Although I think we need to be flexible with borders, and just call it the Epstein network regieme.  
Epstein asset regieme?  
Something like this.  

---
