[Useful discussion regarding not only what would a realistic referendum on the monarchy would look like, but also the rules which exist which have prevented necessary scrutiny up to this point.](https://pca.st/episode/f0df001c-6290-49c6-a408-edea46dd3813)  

I'm also just noting that the fact that I have no confirmation that whatever sentiment analysis type product is in use, is actually subject to any corrective action at all, means that I end up self censoring what I'm even listening to or reading. I just started with a podcast about a very Jewish topic, and I stopped listening to it because I just thought, "do you know what, I don't have the emotional bandwidth to play the 'consonant or vowel' game that this is going to produce".  

That really feels like what it is, so there's a product that is essentially measuring emotional tone, and using that in a thermostat like one, and then there's an additional product I think, that is essentially picking up keywords; frankly, I am not emotionally prepared to see newsroom "what's trending" output, taking [this](https://pca.st/episode/3ebf4dea-f383-47ec-a199-55b6554518a8) out of context.  

It's been really upsetting to see the times when I've needed to find solace in something that isn't secular, essentially be exploited for financial and inherited gain, so I guess that one's gonna get starred and listened to later. I don't know how to interpret what's going on, being apparently legally protected and allowed for in the United Kingdom, without somehow having to integrate some degree of racism, and personally I find this exhausting to feel like I have to do.  

This is not unrelated to the last year or so where I started to have this thought process of whether I needed to wear something like a Magen David to make it obvious, because it feels like I'm having to repeat the same three words impractically every conversation, and I'm just so tired of it. I don't know how to keep living in a situation where everyone needs a fucking clarifier. I'm also very aware of the fact that I feel that way being weird, because essentially I'm recognising that I'm being asked upfront for something that is so personal that I never really used to talk about it in public.  

idk man. I just want to listen to weirdly niche stuff without feeling that intellectualising it to this degree is somehow needed.  

I need to kick some more emails back to defence companies that I've given odd responses or no response at all, and probably kick something back to the MOD regarding this week, but it is very frustrating to me that I'm essentially arguing with brick walls when it's supposed to be my identifiable data, that I'm not even sure why some of them even have. It feels like it's perfectly legal to just steal someone's identity, and do what you want with it. Realistically, it takes months to be able to do anything about, you can be stonewalled from loads of different places, the ICO operates on a good faith basis (which has an obvious weakness), and the cost of going to court to get an order for discovery can still essentially not be honoured (so any process is going to cost money, and presumably most of us are only going to notice once there is already impact). It just feels like a system where you can use an abuse people however you want, when it comes to how the law actually functions in practice.  


The worst thing about that is that a lot of the markers that make my data interesting are things that do appear on lots of people's data, and century indicates some degree of pre-existing vulnerability, so it really does feel like we're just kicking people when they're down.  

---

[Regarding this "riots" and "food shortages" business](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5xXvad/), has anyone actually negotiated with the food suppliers regarding the supply chain issue if this is what it is?  

I've seen a couple of social media posts with empty shelves, but they appear to be in really select supermarkets and shops, and I appreciate that capitalism is a supply and demand thing, but we also have to recognise that some degree food is an infrastructure issue.  

It's very difficult to understand whether or not this is actually a problem beyond supermarket planning in a capital society, because any further field and well looking at global supply chains, all of the conflicts which are currently active, any use of airspace of shipping or rail that has been diverted, and any of the current genocides happening. These are the things that drive food shortages. Oh, except this one other really obvious one, and it's white chocolate is in security boxes. But the last time I checked, enough politicians were so sewn up with oil and gas money, that it was essentially impossible to have a conversation about climate change and systems resilience around that, seeing as there are so many heads in the sand.  

[Two minutes on Google confirms that this is essentially all around one paper, and it's about the potential not an active current emergency.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/food-insecurity-uk-climate-change-b2925847.html)  

None of this is going to actually improve if we don't have breathing space to think through anything, and arguably if we're looking at why we don't have resilience as a country, we can look at the last 20 to 40 years, were any resilience and any amount of "give" in the system was stripped away.  

[Here is an older article showing that this has been an active issue for some time.](https://news.sky.com/story/uk-criminally-unprepared-to-feed-itself-in-crisis-our-diets-may-have-to-change-13415199)  

One of the current cabinet minister is used to be one of the best subcommittee chairs, specifically in business and trade, and was quite rare and being able to hold a strong accountability checking to the witnesses giving evidence of subcommittee level. This included the sea suite of very large companies, including international ones, and I believe that there was a period where that was work done on the supermarket supply chain.  

It's really strange that so many news highlights have run with this story from Sustainability, as if this is a wild departure from a real reality that we've been living with for some years now.  

It reminds me a lot of that Australian TV presenter stood in front of the toilet paper rolls, and then we were inundated with rules about how many bog rolls you could buy for months because people panicked.  

Remember how much it was selling for on eBay? Crazy times.  

i'm just curious what has tapped the scales on that, such that it's become something which actually quite a lot of news agents are running as if it's an emergent issue within the last 72 hours.  

---

[Thank G-d someone said this on TV.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5xvHhm/)  

The idea of discounting the potential for any harm to these two women when they were children, even though we don't have information either way, is really harmful to any survivors ever abuse. I'm glad somebody's actually said this using a mainstream-enough forum where this might start becoming part of the wider conversation. there was some ready strange stories that look like briefing from the Household (rather than from the people who are in that family as individuals, like we all have families), which appeared to try and scapegoat them within their generation so that it preserved other figures in that generation, which just seemed really weird. We are in a world which is post-MeToo, so while there is undoubtably going to be some PR work being done, there is a need to balance trauma informed practice here. They should always have been a need to balance trauma informed work, but this is becoming less acceptable to the public, and there is a very vocal part of social media that will be, and has been, very hot on the heels of those stories to call out that particular problem. we are living in a world where people understand complex relational dynamics, certainly within a younger audience, and this is part of why sometimes the PR reads as being out of touch, particularly with that generation.  

To give that generation it's due, this is a healthier psychological place to be in, even though it feels difficult at the time, it does tend to produce a more effective resolution of the narratives in our own heads, and contributes to more stable ongoing narrative.  

The stories we tell, either to ourselves or two others, or all very powerful; we need look no further than the placebo effect being more effective than doing nothing at all, and often sometimes only marginally less effective than drugs that we still commonly use due to their potential, to understand that our brains and our nervous systems are incredibly powerful, often without us even trying. The idea that this all gets clustered under crisis management, and often doesn't get resolved on a longer term, does impact everyone who is exposed to it, and as uncomfortable as we may be about how powerful that it is, it is something that we need to reckon with, especially as we go forward in the age of information being such a large factor in modern warfare. No one needs bombs, if you have the right words, and in the wrong hands or without appropriate defence, they can do many very harmful things, even simply by their absence, as well as their presence.

---

My professional analytics away from this, would suggest that I'm potentially being viewed in a small group chat, and possibly there is some reassessment of the seriousness of anything that I might have said in the past, potentially indicating that information is in the present.  

I would really, really appreciate some form via update or just confirmation that whatever the SLAPP was, is no longer there. You're making it look like it was a superinjunction at this point, which one would have to say would sound absolutely ridiculous.  

It's really painful in the context of why I've been reporting these problems, which to be honest I don't even want to have to say out loud to dictate. See previous.  

I'm not unaware that there was probably a very interesting story put around about me, and that this might have significantly influence people who were in the position of delivering services or answering legal requests. I just really would like the silence to end, so I can continue with the rest of the things that I need to do in order to sort out the rest of the problems with my digital identity.  

It might also be worth noting that I frequently get things that come up more raggedy for me than for someone else using the Internet of my demographics, that strongly suggest that there is either a revenge porn or AI porn element, including the other worse bit, and so I just really want to be put out of my misery at this point. I am pretty desperate to be at least reassuringly informed that the issue was under control, even if it's not fully resolved at this point. I just want to be able to feel safe enough to sleep when it's dark outside.  

---

[Ann Russell just personally auntying us all through mis/disinformation, as usual.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5xGvaM/) 

---

[Your 2ss is a lovely idea, but it is currently part of the machinary of the genocide.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5Grjf9/)  
Can we pls just prioritise pikuach nefesh for 10 seconds thanks.  

---

[The superhero team no one necessarily wanted, but UK FOIA compliance probably needed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5GAeHb/)  

These are two of the biggest forces of antifascism currently, so show some fucking respect.  

Things are cooking up in the mainstream media as well, and it's all very exciting; we can start to see the picking a part of the underlying mechanisms of policy again, even worse sometimes it's quite contentious to do so, so we are getting somewhere.  

[Just a reminder that it's not really "nimby" behaviour for the people living with the wigan supersheds when that is the literal difference.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5GUurM/)  

---

By the way, I do know why we're all supposed to be arguing about disability now, because a number of conservative news outlets putting pictures out of the late scientist with children who are being trafficked and by definition in the photos sexually exploited, including by Jeffrey Epstein, and expecting us to action in particular way that removes any responsibility simply because he was a disabled person.  

This is interesting because it's suggests that at least part of the news media are aware of a number of controllers and bots on the Internet and how they function, and specifically how they can be manipulated for the semantics.  

This does ask some serious questions of a number of owners and executives in the main stream impress, for what the fuck they knew about Jeffrey Epstein, and why they're so fucking uncomfortable with us talking about it.  

I thought you were pro us getting involved in doing something about grooming gangs, or is it literally only if we avoid talking about the white ones?  

---

[Does noone feel like asking who told the headmaster?](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c8d5792yj9qo)  

---

[I always find this term around left-wing extremism quite interesting, given that you are talking about something that is on the left wing and within democratic consensus.](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2026/02/25/the-green-partys-evil-campaign-is-a-glimpse-of-how-britains/) When you as someone on the right talk about someone as being a left wing extremist, it is clear by the use of your language, that you have already decided that you don't want to hear from the person you are criticising, and you feel this so strongly that you have written them out of democracy, from your own point of view. In this respect, it's very difficult to hear you talk about populism. What is interesting is that you could point to authoritarian behaviours or fascist behaviours as both are entirely possible on the left wing, but they just aren't really present in that particular party. It would be easier to point it the left-wing party that you conceive as acceptable, as being a party which has those behaviours in it.  

So we sort of see ourselves that's a bit of a dead end here: by calling everyone extremist, and by ignoring in the most extreme with the left-wing and calling them normal, the right-wing press has stitched itself into a little hidy-hole... would you like to come out and talk?  

---

To anyone else reading this, I am gonna need to do some things which are recorded, it don't necessarily represent a particular opinion at the moment, but all being put onto this repay because I know it gets scraped and trolled fucking heavily by these guys.  

Because they love themselves a woman who they can find girl photos of, and don't they just love someone who wears abused as a kid doesn't that make them feel so much better about treating her like shit as an adult.  

Men who fetish eyes survivors of rape in childhood have something fucking wrong with them. It's usually paedophilia.  

Which will remain in the DSM as long as I'm fucking alive, mate.  

I don't wanna hear any defence of Stephen Hawking, either.  

people are so unimaginative when it comes to disabled sex that they literally cannot imagine how a disabled man can be abusive, because they don't think our genitals actually work and they don't think we have sex consensually, so they can't possibly imagine why it would be exploitative for two teenage girls, GIRLS, who aren't even in the latest stages of puberty, to be pitched semi naked serving him drinks like they are his servants, surrounded by his mates who have definitely raped kids.  

None of you can see why that makes him party to the abuse.  

Because none of you apparently can imagine how you lost your legs tomorrow how you could fuck.  

I pity you, and an equal amounts I want to slap the common sense back into your heads.  

Fucking ableds, man.  

It's pathetic because he said she got an entire class of men who are admitting that they wouldn't let their dick have anything nice ever again, if they were disabled tomorrow. It's pathetic. And let's be honest, slightly unrealistic given how much shit men do that ends up in the A&E, chiefly about either their dick, their balls, or their arsehole.  

When will come in with bleeding stitches, because apparently it was too much to ask for them to either enlarge it (including by artificial means, which really suggests premeditation) or put it in anything for two minutes.  

Trust me, we are well aware that you have gotten anything that far up your colon, then needed to be premeditation, or at least some fucking commitment.  

It may shock you to know that doctors do you know what poppers are, and yes we are aware of many well-to-do men who use them.  

it's almost like we've spent a lot of time socialising with other doctors.  

---

[This happens often enough that there is either something seriously wrong with the standard operating procedure template, all the police are racist as fuck, all there is something deeply wrong with the prioritisation of counterterrorism resources.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5GW3MB/)  

How is it not the case that that was an action which could conceivably instill terror in the population that it impacts?  

or do white people not do terrorism?  

I just want it to make sense, I'm only asking for consistency, order some explanation. If there's an obvious reason, just tell me what the obvious reason is. My entire adulthood has been post 9/11 - I don't understand that.  

Did they need a sign saying that genocide is bad? Is that the difference?  

And may his memory be a blessing.  

---

[And again, who told the headmaster this absolutely bizarre tip off, that apparently ignores who owns the British Virgin Islands? The clue is in the name(!)](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5GKsFd/)  

this is also only undermining the actual arrest itself, undermine the investigation, and therefore undermine the investigation against Andrew, and also it undermines any further scrutiny, and undermines our parliamentary standards and norms, and it brings a Erskine May norms into question.  

Who is it, in this country, who is disconnected to either policy or politics, who is prepared to insight? Essentially a constitutional rebellion, rather than have due diligence applied to members of the houses?  

Over things that, by the way, we should all be agreed on, which is that it's not okay to fuck kids, and then it's not okay to misconduct yourself in public office?  

Someone is either interfering in the process, or an outside entity knows how to interfere with the process.  

Either of those outcomes is bad.  

[And this is a better to take of why they shouldn't just simply stop at Lin Hoyle, because arguably that man clearly finds it difficult to not do the procedural sensible thing at all times, often to a fault, that is what we have as a problem is his information source, or his grounds, then perhaps we need to start asking how he came into that knowledge in the first place.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5t1snF/)  

Do we need to freedom of information the group chats again? I was under the impression that you all kind of learned something from COVID, but apparently you haven't.  

but in case any of you have forgotten, you did all advocate for specific rules where the UK century takes a snap of any outgoing text messages and outgoing messages which are sent on UK sovereign territory, and as the British Virgin Islands are part of our own personal territory as a country, and they formed part of British overseas territory, I haven't checked the exact terms of the legislation but I think this does mean our intelligent services have access to this conversation, or have access to any information which may be contained electronically which happened at the time, and could get to the bottom of this if they should wish to.  

So there is that.  

The absolute joke of everything is that after the London riots, which I'll be honest having been there at the time, more of a general nuisance than actually that scary to be honest, although I appreciate a fellow pleb was hardly a target, is the following that there were huge numbers of arrests under Cameron's government at the time, based largely on blackberry messaging. It was fully possible to get very quickly a very comprehensive investigation of all messages being sent. So I would ask, can we at least confirm the same level of scrutiny amd concern is being applied to this bunch of potential users of their post, and potential child sex traffickers?  

this is not the first time that this speakers post has potentially been used as a place of information Nexus, and we saw that very bizarre decision by the speakers office, although whether it was him personally or whether it is a joint decision with intelligence isn't clear, where an SNP motion on an SNP day was switched out with a labour motion.  

Because, and I will say it so many times it will make me blow in the face, as a British Jew, and exclusively British Jew a proud British Jew, I will say that I was personally disappointed to see that it was very clear that a lobby for a foreign legal entity, which is a deregulated market, which is actively participating in genocide... that lobby clearly understood where the power lay, and where the next information was, in the House of Commons.  

And I appreciate that so many of you want to pretend that Jeffrey Epstein was good enough to be a mustard agent, but let's be serious for a second, he was a Mossad asset, not an agent. If he was an agent, we truly have gone Bargain Bin. you never actually recruit the paedophiles if you can, you just use them as assets. You may protect them, you may cover for what they do, you may observe them, you may trade with them, but if you have any sense in your head, you never actually recruit them. You don't have to, you don't have to offer them any protections, you need to keep it conditional, if you want them to be truly useful to you. (This is a genuine debate I've been seeing white men have on their podcasts.)  

Is that a pretty cold heartless thing to say? Again, as a British Jew, and as a rape survivor, and as someone who is very much against genocide including towards Palestinians, I find it deeply frustrating that this is the case. I am just telling you how the the world works: Welcome to the West.  

Welcome to "freedom" and "democracy".  

But only if you're a child sex trafficker.  

---

[Oh look, it's like Cable Street, the police horses are protecting the poor little fascists.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5G7UNX/)  

This is not what I meant when I said I like the 1920s. I meant the music.  

It's always very interesting to see how operationally different this is, to any time that I've been on anything to do with Palestine. Even if it's small cities, even if it's London, it is police entirely differently to this.  

Sure, I am aware of the reason why, I am very well over the reasons why this police to the different way. I'm just saying that it's very obvious.  

There is a level of me that doesn't actually mind the fact that you're making the fascists look sloppy as shit, though. It's just that they will feel very entitled once they get essentially a police escort, which is not really something that we should want to encourage. Have you seen the sides of them, they're all over the fucking shop, they're not sectioned or ordered into a tight frame. They're obviously not told to keep it tight from front to back, it's clear that it's not felt that any counterprotest needs protecting. nope, apparently it is the little fascists that need to be kept safe in a little bubble wrap.  

---

[Proof that it doesn't matter which side of the house you are on, you're always fodder for a leader to speak.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5trxmD/)  

Can we remember when Diane Abbott was discussed on these terms, and we all sort of... argued about how condemnable it really was?  

That particular phrase, when it is used, seems to have travelled through Parliament, and the really interesting thing is that if you wanted to, you would put all of the available minutes and all the available governance into an LLM, and this is very AI is really useful, you would track who uses it, when they use it, and you would've root out the points at which propagates. The clever thing about this, is that you could see through a gap analysis, and by place a high rock itself into the same model, which job roles don't have it recorded as being spoken, but essentially act as gateways for the phrase to propagate.  

The fact that this stays in parliament over the course of time, suggests strongly that it is being used behind the scenes frequently.  

I can tell you now that they're going to be men who do not like the fact that any of that was said, because if you really wanted to get rid of sexism across the parties, you need to start getting rid of the man who do this and never have it written down on paper.  

If any of them are saying that they don't have the service space, all of the donors that are giving in analysis software? They absolutely have the capacity to do this and it's not even a dent in the storage space they have.  
This is not a long project, literally takes a few days tops.  

But then we could go into a whole conversation about how outside influencers are impacting British democracy, and I'm not... I don't know if you're ready for the conversation on that front.  

The majority of our problems could be fixed tomorrow if the same donors wanted to play ball.  

---

(I am also just very surprised that anyone thinks that Mandelson wouldn't be saying what he's saying in a coded way, which is the way he said it. I don't think that message was for us as an audience, I think it was for exactly who it was intended to be for. there is a certain amount of accepting that in this country, anyone who has been marginalised in this way, and has managed to negotiate society at that level, does very much understand how to say things in a coded way, due to necessity.)  

It is not unreasonable to expand the question to, who benefited from that being the main story on that day, and potentially who also benefited from Andrew being the main story on the day that he was the news?  

It's a signature of a very specific era.  

---

[It does sort of feel like we're playing with the game of lists. I'm not completely against it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5tabbL/)  

---

Temporal interference with electronics is now so bad across my own contact network, that other contracts are now freely stating that we don't need to discuss the details on the phone, of their own volition. They are themselves choosing to use more coded language about whether or not certain things are done, or whether things are still in process, particularly in reference to anything which changes legal risk (in other words, letters, legal requests, subject access requests).  

We're talking things like phones going off completely, and coming on with a good enough battery on reset.  

Keep the pressure up, this "untouchable" network needs to come into more frequent contact with very unsexy handcuffs.  

---

