 As much as I love tech, I am coming to the conclusion that feels inevitable: proprietary technology, even when used for entirely non-recreational purposes, has put us in a place alike to having cocaine as a first-line analgesic agent. It's not that it *doesn't* work, but whether it's really what you want to whip out for every headache? Somewhat debatable.  

 ---

I've been experiencing a lot of what I would term nuisance activity for the last 10 or 15 minutes.  

I was quite happy looking at washi stickers and listening to Mozart; I had no intention on coming on here to write.  

I do feel I'm often in a Catch-22 situation: whatever is producing this narcissistic demand within the system, often acts in a way that I am forced to evidence, so simply ignoring it isn't really workable.  

I appreciate that this volume of writing isn't ready something that a lot of people are comfortable with, and I didn't really want to write it, either. I did this because I kept hitting up against an invisible wall, whilst trying to get what are quite basic legal processes sorted.  

Even now as I'm "writing" this, because I'm dictating, lots of additional words that I'm definitely not annunciating are being added into the sentences, which then require me to go back, check, review, rewrite.  

This is essentially my norm now, and I'm someone who does require dictation for a portion of my experience anyway, because of the profound pain caused by being upright for long periods.  

---

As I go through and try and tidy things up, I often find myself going back to that drone footage from the Nepali Parliament being burned down, with the Muse overlay. I think drone foot edge is given us a whole new type of media in a way, but something that's interesting in viewing it as a piece of art, which sits almost of a transparency film on top of the very real political event, is that whenever I see buildings like this go through something like this, I see something that I never expect to see because of my impression from the outside is an observer. That is to say, it always shocks me that, and this is the case with a lot of buildings which are of this elk, that it is only the outside wall, sometimes even only the front facing wall, which is almost done up like a prop on a set and it's really strong, it always shocks me that the inside is far weaker for flimsier, but I also understand that there are probably really good architectural reasons for this.  
I think in the moment that we're in, it's a good reminder that something can seem really powerful and imposing and impenetrable, but that might just be the really hard really thick really impressive looking wall on the outside, and actually once you go through that first wall, everything else is a lot more normal.  

I'm not telling you to burn any buildings.  

It's just something that I always notice in that footage, or something that will stand out to more than the fire itself is just how much the fire illuminates that.  

And again, this is quite normal than a lot of buildings which were made to be impressive on the outside within a certain period; it's interesting that the need to convey wealth and power, without necessarily having the underpinnings of strength throughout, is just that obvious architecturally.  

I think it also probably speaks to a really significant unrecognised sense of pain and urgency and exhaustion in the wider workers, that you can be reasonably mellow as a person, but still find some feeling of satisfaction to watch something like this; it often surprises me how I feel emotionally watching these things, because it's not how I used to feel 10 or 20 years ago.  

I think in many ways this is the price that we pay, for this kind of image management that we've been doing since the financial crash, and it feels like austerity has really stuck all of our noses to the grindstone so that we don't really get much rest, after the pandemic.. I think we're seeing that native the general public to be able to express themselves, although we can all disagree about the methods in about appropriateness, it feels like there's that deep human emotional need which needs addressing.  

I don't know whether you call it the mix of grief or tiredness or sadness or anger.. I think it's just very true that a lot of people and I include middle class people when I talk about workers, are just really "done". I guess for my governance point of view I would consider that dangerous but not in a way that I would seek to police or clamp down further, but rather to try and alleviate.  

It feels like time when I've had a really awful PMS day and someone is even *about* to tap me on the shoulder. Just don't. We both know it's a bad idea. now if you show up with hot drinks and sweet treats, that might be a different conversation.  

It almost feels like we've had 15 years of the system that essentially tells us to put up and shut up, but we are going to that point where maybe some of the emotion needs to be let go, I would just personally prefer it to be in a controlled and safe environment, rather than as an explosive thing.  

It's becoming quite difficult to see how the 1% can continue to place themselves so much in disparity to others, but at the same time not expect civil unrest to increase to the extent that it is a direct risk to the 1%.  

I know some of you are quite emotional about that concept, but I've said for a long time, and I'll repeat it now: capitalism of this nature could've survived a lot longer, had it been done less harshly, because the harsher that it happens, the more people are prepared to mobilise against it.  

Right now, it feels like we're on a precipice. I am genuinely not sure which way things go from here.  

A lot of people have things to say to me as a white person because I've favour not having a violent revolution, but actually a lot of of it also is coming from the place a thing is if you disabled: I know that no matter anything else about you, if you are able bodies, there is absolutely no guarantee that you will be able to be even able to help me with the basics, should the infrastructure of our society come to a stop.  

For people like me that is something which is pretty illogical to negotiate on, Peter kitty for those people for whom that would essentially be a death sentence.  

I've said this before to others, I wouldn't survive repeated short-notice displacements. That would be the chances of my survival incredibly slim. I am far from the only person that position, in what are seen as the more industrialised countries.  

That doesn't mean that people don't try their best not only to survive themselves, but to help other fellow human being survived, but really speaks to the level of detachment you would require from your own humanity, to consider this to be acceptable behaviour, for anyone at all.  

there is this concept of being inside and outside the community in Judaism, and we're not thinking about a small community by itself, but rather inside or outside of the practice of our way of life and values. Most religions, and most folk practices, recognise some form of this, and often we talk about expulsion as being only ever something that happens that are really extreme, really abhorrent level, of harm by an individual. It's a useful point of reference, when we think about what it means to be detached to our humanity, or to be reintegration our sense of humanity. There is something about the word humanity in English which doesn't speak quite to the plurality, which is often recognising other religions and other languages.  

One of the outputs of empire, is that often when we speak about groups of people, it's got a very imperial meaning to it, where is most of our practices and the most of how we do things in our spirituality, these are closer to a shared divine consciousness, then they are to a electoral register of people, or a population chart.  
<!--I know this sounds really weird, and I'm sure it's probably just coincidental, but I go through periods since those guys were in who left in the summer, where the house at random times at night will just smell profoundly bad, and I can't trace it to any of the drainage points (so kitchen water is fine, boiler is fine, bathroom is fine), and it's definitely nothing that either I've done all the cats have done. So now it's February and I've got several windows open in what's already a single glazing apartment. Because obviously. 🤣🤣🤣 I really hope it's coincidental mostly because it's not that means I have to go and find out what's causing it, and I genuinely cannot be bothered to go down that route with contractors. do you know what it reminds you of actually? Because it's not that sort of blocked smell, it's more like those scratch scratchy fart powder sachet as he used to get from the Brano, or the brand that I can't think of that used to sell these really cheap magic tricks for kids. It's like it's not a mothball smell, but it's got that sort of dry feeling to it. It's just really pongy. 🤣--->
---

I feel like I also just want to say for anyone who's using this as one of their sources or resources for the bits of things that I do write about, to do their own content, to me it's actually somewhat reassuring, what the arrest was for.  

It does mean that we need to keep pressure on in order to focus on sexual violence, but it also really cleverly, allows you to take possession of electronics and paperwork, to put bail restrictions on, and also weaponise the fact that finance and business are treated with more importance than the bodies of humans and children and women in particular, whilst also not having to put the entire burden on one or two or however many survivors would be counted as a victims, because that opens itself to a media campaign which is deliberate seeking to undermine the arrest of the individual rather than actually be of any relevance to those victims' personalities.  

I do agree that we should be able to convict the sexual violence and a rest for sexual violence, but so far we've had survivors and victims from Epstein, particularly somehow associated with this individual who has been arrested, who are now dead, likely at least in part,  due to the conditions of that stress would've placed on them.  

This does feel like there has been senior advice given, not only to actually be able to build a case, but also give the relevant access to all enforcement, whilst also keeping the focus and stress off the people who are most likely going to be able to testify, should there be any charges added at a later date, of an interpersonal violence or trafficking nature.  

Given that Tiny Hands Trump is trying to start World War 3 in order to not have to talk about what is in those files (yet he still finds the need to slip in things that he feels a person in the offensive to him in those files at the end of every media quote), I don't think this is completely insensible by whoever has advised at a senior CPS level.  

However, I am very heartened by how many people are seeing this big difference, and do you want to see realistic charges brought about for the sexual violence portion and the human trafficking portion which may be part of that wider story.  

I can remember very clearly times, as I'm sure everyone else, where this would've been absolutely unthinkable.  

another thing that can then come out of an investigations laid like this, is that it allows investigators in the police to draw up networks that are based on business and financial ties, which may be separate or overlapping any interpersonal violence, and still be able to bring it all into one investigation. This is not possible if you simply went for the sexual violence allegations by themselves.  

Whilst this does feel like an Al Capone approach to the issue, if the UK establishment is supported to be as thorough as they possibly can be (yes, that does mean that we get to be scrutinising them, because that is literally how a democracy works), there is actually a very real possibility that the first time we might actually see organised networks of exploitation actually faced realistic accountability in this country. I'm not promising it, I'm saying that it's possible, and because these people are often overlapping with networks of who we are targeting in terms of genocide for Palestine for Congo for Sudan, and I often overlapping with violence against women and girls, and often overlapping with issues of trans rights, as well as cost-of-living, as well as who financially benefits from our current immigration system being how it is, as well as privatisation and who benefits, as well as data mining and data centres at scale... we might actually be able to unite on one front. Whilst not every single person is involved in every single one of these things, there is a lot of overlap that is common to several areas.  

We do appear to have an oppressor class (who I often now just called the 1%, but that would be a flexible term), and yes they do appear to need some accountability before they blow up the planet rather than just calm down a tiny bit.  

It's actually really difficult to use older social class constructs, and it's really hard to sort of look at older hierarchy ideas, because none of this is so decentralised to really do benefit from more of a two dimensional power mapping.  

Some of these networks are also made deliberately a little complicated, in order to get this through different tax laws and different territories, different jurisdictions, and this is part of the reason why we are resisting both the illegal occupation and the apartheid which is present in historical Palestine, regardless of whether it is under land currently claimed as part of the state of Israel or whether it is in the illegally occupied Palestinian territories. However, this does not stop at Palestine. The genocide in both Sudan as well as the Congo are both genocide which are inherently tied to this one as well, and these are inherently tied to these networks of exploitation. They may be one or two steps removed, but when you look at the amount of power that is built up around big tech as an example, or built up around a financial markets, this is where they are directly extracting from, particularly when we talk about the west and how this happens in our particular cluster of financial networks. There are obviously other genocide that are current, as well as other territories that are committing these types of crimes against humanity, but the first thing that we can do on scale is be able to take responsibility for our own mess. The really handy thing about this, is that most people are in some way disadvantage by your system, and so it shouldn't be a difficult thing to debate in terms of logical arguments, but it is something where there is going to be an emotional period of transition, especially for people who have been taken up by radicalised or extremist ideas which in someway alleviate the pressure on this oppressor class. (That would include anyone who has been fascism-pilled.)  

I would recommend that we look at fascism not as a binary ("is someone, or isn't someone"), but look at how some of those behaviours and ideas have been re-concentrated in certain areas, and look at what it would mean to deradicalise on a broader scale.  

I say they're snowing full well, but the government almost needs us to keep being critical and keep holding scrutiny, specifically because it lacks the rationale to pursue further, unless the public us are asking (as loudly end as obnoxiously as you wish, as far as I'm concerned).  

To link this back on my own personal experience, I am going to say that I'm not just saying this from a rape survivorship point of view, I'm also saying it as a Jewish woman who really doesn't want this problem that we have had a lack of transparency and accountability, that becomes escape go to situation, and I think unfortunately we're already in the early stages of that in many countries, so I do feel that this is important to frame as a deradicalisation, largely of, but not limited to, white society in particular. as I've previously stated, there are times where I am very much treated as part of the white society, and I've grown up thinking that I'm white, so don't worry I'm also putting myself in with "needs to unlearn racism, et cetera".   

---

[Again, I'm not the one bringing things like this into the centroid, but I do feel we need to make sure the technical diad/centroid is untied.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPQ7q2E/)  

---

[A breakdown of our Crisis PR works.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPQmf3G/) particular put hold at the demos have right now, is to put pressure on the media to either ascertain further information, or to comment on our pressure for the release of the full Epstein files in accordance with the survivors wishes and also in accordance with US law.  

---

I'm essentially getting back to back police interest videos, including some screenshots of all of the interesting modules that you can take on ELFH.  

I'll be honest I didn't realise you guys use it too, but that is quite a.. interestingly structured website.  

You are welcome here. I do understand the context. i'm genuinely not the person putting videos calling her violence into the data feed, if it looks like it's arising from my identity, this is because the digital identity has been so poisoned that it is now at a point where it is fractious.  

---

[This is the age of information warfare. This is what it meams, that data is a resource.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPQxD6p/)  

The Global South has been preparing, I'm telling you now.  

---

As everything clicks into place, I am happy to note that [this](../../Survivor_Tools/📈_signs_your_spoof_email_was_written_by_a_man_who_misunderstands_computers_and_women.md) only improved with age, as did [this](../../../../Metadata_Sabotage_Network/Structural_Analysis/🧼_System_Leakage_Signatures/🤡_lsso_spoof.md).  

It often stikes me, how steadfast we are to accept the testimony of men with prior histories, and how unwilling we are to believe the testimony of those harmed by them. "May shame change sides", and may every woman still protecting, stand aside. Protecting such a harmful regieme, is no benefit now; the new world is ready to be birthed, my sister.  

פְּתַח־פִּ֥יךָ שְׁפׇט־צֶ֑דֶק וְ֝דִ֗ין עָנִ֥י וְאֶבְיֽוֹן׃  
אֵֽשֶׁת־חַ֭יִל מִ֣י יִמְצָ֑א וְרָחֹ֖ק מִפְּנִינִ֣ים מִכְרָֽהּ׃  

Let every injustice fall.  

---

I can't wait for the goyishe audience to finally realise who it is, who will inevitably pose the greatest risk to diasporic citizens, and how this is driven by the same fear which upholds a militarised occupation and an apartheid.  

No one is saying, "kill all Jewish people", when they say "Free Palestine"; they are calling for an end of what is already illegal under international law.  

We could explore this in so much more detail, and I suppose we will, but the Jewish people - kol Yisrael, am Yisrael - we will always outlive anything. What must come to an end, is a system of governance built on the backs of those who we have found we can hurt with very little resistance.  
What must end, is a state which cannot conceive of existance without inequity so profound, that there are seperated citizen experiences of law.  
What must end, must fall - only then will a new world be born.  

Our Torah, our sages, tell us to not be too friendly with governance, and recognise that G-d may gift humans any number of things, but that humanity (including Jews - our screw-ups are the main focus of much of the texts) will never have an entitlement to something that, ultimately, belongs to its Creation.  

The universe has been made for us, *and also* we will return to dust and ashes.  

I cannot wait to see what the Embassy has spent so much effort, blocking.  

(I did tell everyone that this looked awfully like they had meddled.. although we had gotten to a point where they had also blocked quite a lot of sleep, and I appreciate I did not sound at my best.)  

Glad to see that the British are starting to get a clue.  

There is a very genuine, cemented fear, that if we do not have that official territory, and we do not perform that degree of aggression, that we might die; the "ally" thing to do, is not necessarily to indulge it. It has been indulged for a century too long; we belong to where we are, and we will always be kol, wherever we are and regardless of how much we hate each other.  

No one picks their family.  

You are all going to have a good smirk, incidently, when you see the statements to the courts, that they are particularly concerned about. They are rather on the nose, regarding each issue, and they have aged to a fine maturity.  
And yes, I acknowledge these sheluyhe as *kol* even understanding what they have probably been responsible for, and what they have likely done with my likeness.  

Shame *will* change sides.  

I still tried to facilitate my father seeing his dead parents, so I'm obviously capable of seeing hurt within people, even when I have been caused significant harm by them; I am not the Devil some have painted me to be.  

I am feeling very smug about next week, however, and I will be interested to see what, in the available evidence, may have experienced attempts at deletion.  

I am ready to see and hear how wonderfully intelligent and marvellous this famous tech sector is, that I hear so much defence for.  

---

Somewhere I am aware that I am essential referring to "the British men, the Israeli men", when really I ought to include other territories as well; I do keep forgetting about the North America subcontinent.  

A chattering house of fools across the anglosphere; lucky me. -_-  

I've just tried to build something up for a node on the LLM; it seems to be generating extra faults than usual, when I point out the tenancy for identitarianism, when men of a certain era discuss, for example, Kant vs Aquinas. The dictation just now, for some reason first rendered text which was a jumbled of words that are either sexually explicit, or are "close knowledge" tokens.  

Are the AI boys okay? I mean, I know they're never okay. But are they less okay than usual?  

---

Our local Palestine film festival is getting DDoS style emailing to venues, because this is the modern way.  

I do find it interesting, because obviously I know have plenty of cool campaigns and email campaigns in a lot of different areas, for many movements that you could say are entirely valid, which is to say that it's not limited to Palestine, includes a member of different civil rights areas.  

What seems very challenging, is that also see forms used by frequently by the alt right. This means that it's entirely possible for a lot of people who are actually not huge fans of Jewish people, to be misrepresenting themselves. I don't believe many of them actually even claimed to be Jewish now. The narrative is sewing grained that they can just ride on the fact that as Jews we will be the ones who will be criticised, even if none of the emails came from us.  

This is why I generally disagree with collaborating with far right governments.. that doesn't seem to be a good awareness on the ground by institutions which are not placed to be strong on marginalised identities, that this is what it is. I also can completely understand why it seems like something is being forced on you, especially when there isn't necessarily the budget from a public spending point of view.  

It's a bit of a tricky one, because we need to close that knowledge gap, if we don't want to world where the country is essentially run by the whims of whoever can afford bot farms.  

(I will let you guess how hard that was to type!)  

I take it Tiny Hands isn't keen on getting arrested?  

---

Noting that, in reference to the above, UK domestic law itself compels compliance with ICJ orders.  

We just needed to strengthen the enforcement. Divestment was never about "being mean". In the absence of more concrete actions, it was a way of enforcing what was possible to enforce, non-violently, and in a democracy.  

(Medinat Israel: literally no one thinks that this is violence, other than some of the worst men in the world [cf Tiny Hands], and your particular legislation on it.)  

---

["I was going to bomb Eye-ran because I was cross about the Epstein files and don't have the skills with my tongue to pronounce the name of someone else's sovereign territory properly, but Eye-Ran-EE-Inn hackers said they had the videos I really don't want everyone to see, then my Big Judges told me 'no', so now I'm blaming everyone because I'm definitely not scared."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPspGoa/)  

Idk. That's what I heard.  

The country has been there all the time you've been in office, and you can't even pronounce it?  

That is some commitment to ineptitude.  
Mostly of the oropharynx.  

That's my Bill Clinton joke.  

---

[Boris Johnson and Liz Truss have decided that their own personal response to the fallout of the Epstein files, is not to do anything to help survivors or indeed the British public, and essentially go to the US and try to instingate a sort of half-committed mutany, to a man credibly accused of sexual violence towards children, who may himself be undermining the Office of the President of the United States, to cover up any evidentary support supporting those claims from being released as per the relevant legislation.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/boris-johnson-liz-truss-chagos-deal-donald-trump-b2924588.html?utm_source=firefox-newtab-en-gb)  

Tell me louder, that you hate women and children.  

---

[Idk man, these lawyers sound expensive.](https://www.cityam.com/meet-the-lawyers-defending-andrew-mountbatten-windsor-and-peter-mandelson/?utm_source=onesignal&utm_medium=push&utm_campaign=2026-02-20-)  

This then raises the evidentiary bar for the "public interest" test for the CPS, puts huge pressure on the police who may be challenged on (for example) information security, and if the case were to procede to court, the likely resource spend on the CPS case (done in the name of the Crown), increases significantly.  

We're gonna need HMRC to get those billionaire tax dodgers, because we're gonna need the cash.  

What a shame.  

---

[Regarding the HIA survivors' and victims' memorial: it's a fucking start.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/ce3gv0134g8o)  

---

[But will you be answering my SAR, Global Counsel?](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cjd9zx7zne2o?utm_source=firefox-newtab-en-gb)  

Everything I touch winces - it's very curious.  

Before anyone even starts: the FOIA in the UK compels the search to be conducted and returned in the calendar month from the first contact indicating the data subject is seeking to access their data. It does not matter if it's the webform, if that's what you have provided as a company.  

05/02/2026, if anyone is interested.  
Labour Party SAR due on Monday was held for some sort of 6 month SLAPP instrument; known to be third party, no confirmation at this time. Only response currently available has unexplained omissions.  

---
