[More of this please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRarcBxv/)  

We are stronger together.  

---

[Andrew Marr is closest in the mainstream to common sense currently.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRah18Up/)  

I might quibble about the minutae, but for broad brushes, I think this is the best take that I've seen so far.  

---

[Regarding this conversation about autonomous military decisions with AI...](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRarvhjn/)  

I really don't feel that some people in what might be called the centre or the moderate part of politics, in the west, really understand what Mr Hegseth was prepared to commit to on paper in what is published and called a "book". If you're finding it difficult to imagine that his judgement may not be hugely motivated by the international rule based order or our shared moral norms or international humanitarian law, then I do recommend looking at precisely what he is prepared to say and commit to on paper, because he is not hiding who he is, or what he believes.  

---

[Real live footage from every neolib think tag tonight, after the greens won. "When *I* was young, we kept the lead in the pain like real men!"](https://youtu.be/7Lb-2VaJYPw?si=2-CwidYEXWaTkCei)  

Just admit that it sucked.  

just admit that other rich man decided that you were not worth helping.  

You wonder why I can see through you all, it's because I grew up in the fucking north; we are all like this, because admitting to ourselves that a small group of men in the South decided it was more important to make them in their friends even richer, and that we were worthy collateral, it's hard. So we decide instead to frame us all as being survivors of the true experience of what it is to be human, rather than just admit that it sucked. 

This is the real difference between someone who votes right and votes left, in the pleb classes. The only difference is how you decide to deal with the outcome of failures of governance. Neither is necessarily right or wrong morally, but one is going to indulge an illusion that survival is about being inherentky strong, and one is probably more in line with actually getting something done, however heavily flawed that particular "getting something done" is.

That was a reason that rich men decided to put breweries in contracts with working men's clubs. They encouraged it because it made us choose the opium of the masses, rather than choose what we were originally doing in working men's clubs, which was reading and organising.  

(Due to the crossover of prohibition in the US in particular, this is also why worker's songs, such as those by the IWW, bare a striking similarity in tune to Salvation Army songs.)  

["As soon as this pub closes, the revolution starts... ... ...I think I'm going be sick."](https://youtu.be/B96qKs4-EI8?si=xWlJXGycTTQZf6vn)  

Alcohol was very much part of making water safe to drink in the United Kingdom, but we also can't ignore how many times it has been used as a deliberate tool to quash working class uprising.  

This is why you don't trust anyone who wants to grab a two child benefit cap, and move the savings onto beer; it's very on the nose.  

And while I personally don't really go in for the painting of statues, some of you need to work out what Churchill was doing about working class uprising before he became Prime Minister during World War II. He faced us down with guns. we can have our favourites, and we can have times where we use figures as being symbols of our resistance to foreign invasion during that war, but we also need to be appreciate the Churchill was doing a lot of shit before and after, that wasn't exactly working class friendly. And yes, he was horrifically racist, and yes, even after World War II was a terrible peace time Prime Minister.  

That doesn't mean you have to abandon the pride of the homefront, but it doesn't mean you need to celebrate him and every single way for every single thing that he did, either. It's okay that your favourite also did some really fucked up shit, and if you would rather have a "cleaner" favourite, there are plenty and this is essentially what Wikipedia offers the masses. That's why Wikipedia was so heavily targeted during a very recent information war; all of the Jewish historical content on that has been altered significantly in the last three years. That's how powerful knowledge is. Large sections of Holocaust history were altered, because they look too much like resistance; there wasn't just one regime that benefited from those alterations. A lot of what resistance to a specific fascist dictatorship looks like, was erased or altered.  

This is why that list from the US Navy of what the administration forcibly took out of their libraries, has been kept by so many people who believe in resisting those kind of regiemes - the regime was telling us exactly what they were scared of us knowing. when you put identity politics and however you conceive it to one side, that list is essentially a list of books that show you how to build solidarity across the working class. You may not think books about black trans experience are that, but that is what they are, enough that a regime was terrified of those books and felt the need to demonise them and remove them from circulation, as far as they had the power to do so.  

Everything gets sexier once you suppress it.  

---

In other news, my preferred version of the mantra (*Om Kreem Kali Kaliyhe Namaha*) was deindexed, but I found it again from an old WhatsApp conversation. Bwahahahahahaha. This is how petty The Men™️ are. And how much they are prepared to coopt any religious belief when it suits them, but not when it actually helps anyone. The fact that is in thousands of years effusion of beliefs and philosophy, and so they choose to misinterpret Hinduism as being in somehow conflict with Abrahamic belief, is an interesting choice. It shouldn't exactly be a mystery why sometimes I do not feel safe even to use masculine terms towards a concept of United divinity, and sometimes I need to see that through an entirely maternal lens, in order to feel it one with it. These are not prosocial men.  

I don't make any bones about the fact that both Buddhism and Hinduism have been able to deepen my religion as someone who ascribes to an Abrahamic religion, much as folk magic has able to deepen my religious practice; none of this is evidence of false idolatry, but instead allows me to get around the fact that I've been deeply harmed by the presence and expression of masculinity in this world. if it wasn't being able to access G-d through plurality, I would just simply not be religious. Why would I be, when child rape exists? It is only as a result of being able to access priority within a democracy that I have been able to deepen that sense of spiritual achievement with these larger philosophical concepts.  

But a handful of coked-up men are unimaginative enough and just hate women enough, that they need to put forward only one way in order to see the world, so why not. 🤦‍♀️  

Speaking of the opium of the masses, they were literally do anything possible to divorce you from a sense of real depth of religiousity; religion is only a useful tool to them, if it advances imperial control. anything which potentially interrupts that control, is what is claimed to be blasphemous.  

I also imagine that the expression of pure feminine anger, in protection of children as a whole, and in protection of the wider world, such that the only thing that can disturb it is mask in humility demonstrating how it must have boundary, is also just a little bit too much for these guys.  

Strong men are able to take the lead of pretending to be corpses in front of women losing their shit. Weak men deindex meditation tools.  

Even worse for them, this is an expression of righteous feminine anger which arises from otherwise tranquil feminine source - it's their worst nightmare.  

---

[Trump hasn't decided what to do about Iran, because his regime has not decided what to do about Iran, which means that they are not confident they know exactly what the fuck they're doing.](https://youtu.be/0fpfWnP197g?si=eTu_PvYytxjQdy1y)  

Because they don't know what the fuck they're doing, they keep going with people who don't know anything about the region. I don't know anything about what's going on, and they have no interest in the actual People of Iran, they just really don't want to release the Epstein files, and they really don't want to talk about why there hasn't been thorough investigation, and they lost their tariff case in a very conservative Supreme Court, and ICE is playing out extremely badly, which is why it's trying to become increasingly brutal at a central level, which are all signs that the regime is in crisis.  

They don't know what to do because they genuinely fear that they might push people a bit too far on this, and they are terrified of what might happen if they lose executive power.  

They know that the world is not behind them like it used to be, and they know that NATO is fed up.  

The regime is terrified. That's why it doesn't know whether or not it should bomb another country.  

Keeping them scared, is not only good domestic politics, but it is also good international politics.  

The age of monsters needs to come to an end; the new era is ready to be birthed. Both psychopomps and midwives are needed for the resistance to complete its goals (primarily not allowing this bunch of losers have this much power; they clearly can't handle it).  

---

(For purpose of requiring absurdist humour in order to get around our current nuclear war precipace moment, I am choosing to believe that what really happened, is that they finally x-rayed that golden beeper..."ahhh *fuck*". If this ever did happen, I would have to give it, that is fucking hilarious. If you guys could just stop doing the genocide bit, and stick more to the dorm room humour with the American administration, that would be greatly appreciated.)  

Look. I need something to make me feel slightly better about the fact that we might be about to launch into a nuclear war, primarily because a handful of men cannot take accountability for their own actions, in respect to either trafficking children for sexual exploitation or for the commission of genocide (or, in some cases, both). Let me have the weird story of Mossad gets Bibi to punk Trump.  

Given the amount of emotional regulation that these guys or theor supporters are currently getting from this little blog (analytics be telling), I think I'm gonna need to have you let me have this one.  

This is how satire gets made: you need to let it knock around a bit.  

---

[Because we are still gonna need to end this fucking genocide, guys.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRahPuBe/) I know it's in the account you need to factory check, I know you need to go and see the other articles, that's your piece of work - that's your homework.  

I'm gonna need some of you to stop being as scared of brown people as much as you are, and do something useful during my holy month of Ramadan.  

Muslims are your brothers and sisters in Christ, if that is your particular persuasion, and we're going to need to see you start living by your Christian principles that you have spent so many years talking about.  

The way in which you are always being antisemite at the same time, it is to not blame Jewish people for fucking everything, and to focus on the processes that you need to stop in the flow chart, that would instrumentally stop the machine. You just need to pull more sand in that machine. That's all anyone is asking you to do.  

I don't need to hear any more weird theories about how the Jewish people in Israel are not really Jews, I just need to see some stopping of genocide happening.  

You can puzzle over the idea that every single human is capable of being part of a genocide later; the machinery that you have, the hardware that you have in your skull, will require at least 6 to 12 weeks in order to pass this idea, if you had illusions to the contrary prior. This is not a failing of your brain, this is you being a human being like everyone else. In the meantime, do better, and start upholding international law.  

It's not as if we didn't write the fucking thing.  

It's just that we thought we could still do whatever we want, when it was written, and the political mood has changed; the demos generally would like to see a law followed as it is written. It is far less confusing. They are also not into this idea of repealling their own rights. Chop chop.  

---

[And seriously: what you are all calling "family voting", is extremely normal in white culture, particularly in the older generation, and if the practice that you are referring to is a different practice, you know that the best way to fix that would be to empower women and to put more English as the second language courses, and God forbid actually engage with communities to have recently emigrated.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRahhQCq/)  

It's a practice which is highly likely to be picked up under the British rule; the only way to fix it is to not do the same things that caused it in the first place.  

Voting blocs were essential, for movements like Quit India.  

I have been part of a voting bloc in the last election. It's called the, "fuck genocide" voting bloc. We reached out to all of you. We gave every possible party a chance. You all gave responses which were inadequate in comparison to the green party.  

The only party which wasn't largely contacted, priority because they were so clear of their own stance at the time in material supporting the machinery, was reform UK.  

Every single party in this country has an adequate opportunity, and you still have the opportunity to change when you are going from this point.  

None of this was terrorism. All of this was just democracy.  

The amount of fuss that was caused after using democracy on government pensions, was and is ridiculous. It's as if you are all fine floating this "democracy" thing around as a concept, but you absolutely hate it and come down on it as a threat to the state, once people actually start doing it.  

Please stop being so scared of poor people. We can see what this is, and it's not flattering, and it doesn't get you votes. It only further unites the people do you hold contempt for, together in solidarity against you.  

I can promise we are a lot more scared of losing anything more, than you are of us. Or at least that is, if we were looking at the actual power distribution here, how it should be weighted.  

The more you fear us and act defensively, the more you are putting ourselves in a very dangerous position; this is not a threat, this is just giving advice based on how humans have acted again and again and again over the course of time.  

---

As there have been frequent token switches to the dictation here, and in addition I have had some extremely tightly timed responses in the last 24 hours, I'm going to let our elephant-like middle layer have the little pat on the head for being so very clever that they clearly desperately want.  

Any time you would like to put the stakes on your end up a little, by actually allowing me to see a lawyer, or by actually letting some of these requests through, that would be great. If you would however like to continue to be the world's biggest pussies in male form, be my guest.  

Still scared of the yenta. Standard.  

You can also stop doing what you did to me in the summer, two other people in this territory, because I've seen evidence that might still be going on. I know you feel very clever, I'm not saying that it's not incredibly interesting, I am saying that it is slightly obvious, now. You're doing the thing where a TV show extends way past the point of which it should've finished. Have a think about whether or not you really want to continue.  

---

Another point, regarding this genocide, is that whilst there is this big question over whether Starmer will do anything about the returning IDF soldiers, it's also the case that you look in the Hansard, the last Conservative government did acknowledge a risk here, in that they didn't really acknowledge that the risk existed as a relevant consideration, but it was an issue that was brought up and is evidenced in the Hansard.  

Just in case anybody wants to put any pressure on any other sources, in order to put pressure across the system, to make it more likely that's an accountability and that some clarity will exist.  

One of the fundamental undermining points for any party who was trying to get out of their responsibilities in the conventions regarding protection from genocide, is around reasonable knowledge. ("Was there reasonable knowledge that you were doing things which would be materially supporting or involved in the commission of genocide?") The Cabinet prior to this current government, was essentially given the opportunity to respond to reasonable knowledge being presented to them, in regard to the risk posed that British citizens may serve in the IDF and, by doing so, may be involved in the commission of war crimes.  

There are also several oddly timed votes, as well as there are several very interesting statements in subcommittee.  

I probably do need to turn this into a big node. I might just have a table or a running a list of strange things that I archived over the last three years, because something happened which seemed incredibly odd at the time.  

It's particularly odd, because Britain has never said outright that it is part of this, but enough decisions were taken at a policy or legal level, that the risk to us in terms of going to the ICJ, is extremely large. Apart from the moral and humanitarian portion of this, there is also a deep need to address exactly how this is done, because it was done in small incremental actions.  

It fits a course of conduct over the period of time in which Britain has been encouraging Jewish immigration to Palestine.  

Something that I find very difficult to resolve intellectually or emotionally, is how a lot of British men who are not Jewish, essentially created conditions which made it highly likely, or openly encouraged, British Jews to be becoming involved in this genocide. There are a number of pushing pull factors for the immigration which support supports movement from the imperial core to Palestine, for the purpose of colonisation. This ultimately degrades Jewish masculinity, and often it seems the only time that the imperial core will actually criticise the state of Israel, is when Jewish men start acting as if they are equal players around the table of colonising parties.  

I'm not saying that I want us to be this, I'm saying that I notice that if our participation is anything other than colonising "on behalf of" the imperial core, it is punished, and likewise if we refused to participate, this is also punished. I don't necessarily think that the state of Israel would take this to be their legal argument at the ICJ, but if they did use this legal argument, it would probably be one of the strongest. Not because it removes them from responsibility, but because it takes all of the other territories involved down with it.  

Essentially you would be looking at an argument along the lines of, yes we did participate in genocide, and this is how we were positioned and encouraged to do so, by [list of supporting territories]".  

If the imperial core cannot resist genocide, and if the imperial core cannot remove itself from participation in the colonial project, there is a reasonable trance that is pushed towards bankruptcy, the state of Israel may have to consider arguments that sound as removed from their usual position as this.  

This leaves us in this stalling loop, where the imperial core can never afford to keep participating, nor can I afford to allow the state of Israel to fall entirely; all of this only adds to the suffering of Palestinian people under genocide, and so an inability to resolve such, prolong genocide, and therefore prolong the crimes which amount to that charge.  

The Epstein network is worth pressuring because there are so many overlaps; ultimately, there is going to be a point at which this power network will fragment, the only real question here is how and when precisely.  

None of what I have said remove accountability from people who are either representing the state of Israel or our part of the machinery currently, what I am drawing attention to is that there is a attempt to delay the inevitable, both in terms of the current Palestinian genocide and also the current lack of action regarding the Epstein network. Anyone who is not putting pressure on some form of this network of power, is underlining resolution of both of these very significant issues.  

And the general public will vote on these issues; not only with our democratic vote but also with capital, and with any anger which remain remains unresolved. This is now a problem which extends to every territory which is within the imperial core.  

This is why the administration can't decide whether or not it wants to bomb yet another country. It understands that this could be a tinderbox it does not want to ignite, on its own home turf.  

If you're wondering why I would have the time to think about what might be constraining people within Israel, that would unnecessarily put them in a position where they are more likely to commit to genocide, it's that I really want them to stop. I am aware that as a Jewish woman in the imperial core, we at least have that propensity to be misunderstood by white westerns in common, and so if anyone has to do it, it may as well be the Jewish people in diaspora. I do not expect for a second for anyone who is more marginalised or more racialised than us, to have to extend this compassion. I also just don't think white people are generally able to, due to a lack of lived experience. everyone who does terrible things usually does have an underlying rationale but they were following, which never takes away from how awful they did was, and it doesn't take away from their responsibility in what they were doing, but it does help us understand how we can interrupt it in other situations in future, and it does generally help us to be able to stop the cycle of violence if they are still within one.  

It is not my business who lives or doesn't live in Palestine going forward, but I affair the acknowledge the right dissolve determination for Palestinian people, primarily because so many people are pretending that this is not a real thing. I honestly don't know what is realistic, and I don't live there, and I am not an expert on it, but I know I want to stop a genocide that my own country is currently materially supporting, creating the circumstances for, and has not fully pulled itself out from.  

The fact that there is so much overlap between those who material support a genocide and those who are part of the cult personality that formed around Epstein, is not surprising to me, and as far as I'm concerned it makes it easier to put pressure on all of it.  

I never go around with actual matches, I just go around with paperwork, and democratic means; if you need to make me look like a terrorist for doing so, it does tend to suggest that your argument is not very strong.  

No one hates a Jew with a pen more, than illegitimate European power, built on the back of subjugating people by characteristics that make no difference to how valuable they are. Look at European history and it tells you everything you need to know, about how tyrants from Europe felt when Jewish minds with Jewish values started writing responses to necrocapitalist beaurocracy.  

---

[I may also have to start doing a playlist, because the musical response (and all resistances have to have music and dance and joy), is this good.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRahRxRA/)  

---

[We are going to need to start educating some of you and how not to sound like this, when you save things like this. It is distracting from the point.](https://www.lemonde.fr/en/politics/article/2026/02/27/melenchon-accused-of-antisemitism-after-epstein-pronunciation-comments_6750929_5.html)  
This is one of those subtle grey cases that I would say I would prefer you not to do, but I can understand that it probably was not intended. We are going to need to teach you all about what dog whistles sound like to Jewish people, because the alt right have normalise them so much that it is genuinely quite hard for most people to avoid them completely, and remain untouched by that linguistic influence.  

I will throw my hands up now and say that I have used racist terms not realising they were racist, because I've picked them up from online linguistics, and have not realised the pretty horrific background of why that word exists. The solution was somebody having the grace to call me out, tell me why it was fucked up, and/or I look into it and go "holy shit". Even when we don't mean to hurt people it's also just basic human decency that we apologise for what we said. Easy peasy.  

I'm not saying that none of that happened in this situation, but I just feel like I'm on repeat of this point, when someone says something which is unintentionally anti-Jewish. I don't really give a shit about what's going on in your heart of hearts, I just need actions addressing when they go wrong. I honestly couldn't give a shit what you think about me based on the fact that I'm Jewish; the exceptions are if we are incredibly close friends or if we are actively in a relationship. I obviously expect the banter to increase in these scenarios, but ultimately for there to be an established mutual respect.  

I would like to move to a place where this isn't seen as a huge shaming issue, and where we actually moved to be doing what arguably the black community online and the Tourette's community did online a few days ago, which is to actually start conversing with each other; when we can resolve our issues very quickly, they hold us back for less time.  

Even when someone does say something anti-Jewish and it's because they have a little bit of antisemitism, I can't say I don't have inter internal antisemitism, so I am happy to work with you. The left has become very distracted by influence from the outside on this, we just need to get our shit together and keep going for the ultimate goal.  

---

If there is something in the news about an apparent release of information pertaining to a death notice, do understand how easy this is to spoof, and do appreciate that it probably represents an attack on the royal family through digital means, as the most likely consideration at this point.  

It is far more likely to be trying to undermine the investigation against Andrew, or any accountability held to the Epstein network within the UK.  

This is why the information passed through the speaker, is also of relevance to our own defence interests.  

Even if these are all simply accidental glitches, they represent real threat surfaces that we are not used to being able to cognitively process in the moment, and they are designed to confuse us and keep us from holding accountability to the people who need accountability holding to them.  

The question is not is it real, the question is, who would benefit by that message going out and being ascribed to the Royal Household?  

Given that there is a renewed criticism on the potential clakms against Al Fayed, when you ask who benefits from both, you can stop to see who might be more worthy of questioning during this time, from a free press point of view.  

Because there are parties that benefit from both of those misinformation or disinformation stories.  

If you are truly a British patriot, might I suggest that you look at who wishes to undermine your monarch, regardless of whether you want one or not?  

regardless of what I think on my own personal part, I can tell you what I don't like is people fucking around with our democracy when they are not even here supporting it.  

do also consider, that the royal family has done something with soft power and an extended way very recently, and also that a potential ally of the responsible party has just lost a by-election. (whether or not they are aware that they are assets, doesn't even matter.)

---

[If I definitely hadn't mishandled documents, then firing everyone who touched the case investigating me, would definitely be top of my list of actions I would take.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c4gq7vdld80o)  

---

[My entire skillset when it comes to breaking AI chats, was essentially learned through watching this pretty intense, as a teenager.](https://youtu.be/U5w-oxgmwTY?si=EhdQNwxdnkUOy5co)  

Yes, that does make a number of you *thoroughly* old.  

I include this highlight reel because I think it actually does a good job of touching on a number of historical friendships and business ties that exist across party lines, as well as long standing loyalties and grudges, within their policy and political sphere. Some of the younger audience may not be aware. (I, too, am getting old.)  

---

["Has Palestine solidarity become the litmus test of our democracy?"](https://youtu.be/kYEPg5a1G-I?si=OVSt3IxV0_1BdwcR)  

---

[So the state of Israel got an itchy trigger finger, and now the administration of the US has to follow suit apparently.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/cn5ge95q6y7t?post=asset%3Aff2732e9-a980-4a2b-83bc-7cb7b2be5d77#post)  

We are being led by idiots.  

"Pre-emptive attack" and "offensive defence", need to be removed as terms from our lexicon.  

You were worried that Trump wouldn't do it, and you were worried that Hegseth doesn't have the bottle to do it by himself. So you pulled the trigger. Just be honest about it.  

Why should the people in Iran have to put up with this?  

---

[UK journalism has finally realised that David Stern exists and is a key player - well done!](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c98gne0z0rxo)  

The photos from Pitch@Palace are also very interesting, because they have overlap with people pictured in photos and videos that you'll see today, of executives who who have a lot of interest in some very lucrative government contracts.  

Peter Mandelson is not the primary or only person involved in politics who had contacts with the same network, and Mandelson and Andrew don't really seem to interact that much together as per the Epstein files emails; we are looking for more people to make the bridge.  

---

[This is so incomplete as an article, that it actually verges on being misleading to the public.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize/articles/z6dmkhv)  

Everything that it says is true, subject to absolute compliance with the laws of the United Kingdom.  

In this setting, the grok AI fiasco wouldn't have happened, because the laws of the United Kingdom would be 100% complied with by tech companies.  

This is an example of where the government by trying to be reassuring, has incidentally ended up lying to the public in the effect of what they have said, versus what the public will hear online, and this will only deepen the conspiracism which is ongoing.  

It is fundamentally deeply unfair to present the information this way, and DSIT is being wholly ignorant if that is what they are claiming; the fact that the BBC does not appear to have pulled in any security sources is questionable, and starts to look a lot like active protection of some of the surveillance being conducted via legal loopholes, some of which is just being conducted to get you to stay on apps longer, or is being done to make more money.  

This resembles the kind of answer you would be given by a company operating a chatbot. There is a bit of a question on how exactly the BBC are choosing to pitch the tone of their new stories, and arguably in this case, are we using AI to pitch the factchecking level required? If so, it's very easy for external actors to manipulate this.  

None of this by the way actually says that any of the journalists at the BBC aren't amazing, it comments on the editorial process which is out of the hands of editors potentially; this is discussing standard operating procedures which are decided at a corporate level.  

This article will make the problem worse, where people are suspicious of what they are using for their technology, given what else is being fed to the algorithmic placements that a lot of people are currently in, not by their own choosing but by corporate choice.  

A very easy point to raise is, "how does your phone know when you say things like 'hey Siri?'". It knows because there has to be some sort of ambient process in the background. It's actually a lot more useful to talk to people about what her phone is actually doing when we say it's "listening"; there are different levels of data intake and some of them are really not that concerning, and some of them are a lot more concerning, and unfortunately we also have to consider that if there is malicious use of these processes, then yes, all of it can be potentially weaponised. We can talk about how common versus uncommon this actually is in practice. We can talk about what is actually manipulated when it comes to violence against women and extensions of domestic violence for example, compared to what for example a journalist might experience if a foreign state was trying to manipulate the press. Those scenarios are very different, not least because of what the threat actor actually has access to and able to do, but also because of what is trying to be achieved.  

It's really bizarre to me to not take into consideration that a lot of current violence against women is done via utilising things like stalkerware, and in some cases this is actually just using very normal applications on the phone, in order to connect it without the person actually realising that that's what somebody else has done to them.  

tldr: very weird take from the BBC.  

[If you contrast with this, for example](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cn48jj3y8ezo), the bite-size edition about what phones actually pick up from their microphones as data, read to the government department trying to do some reassurance and doing it badly. It's impossible to tell whether or not that is actually DSIT, or whether they were just the ones you were quoted.  

It's common knowledge that GCHQ and MI5 regularly utilise telecoms powers, this is a key part of IPA and RIPA, so to deny that it's realistically possible by a modern digital device, is pretty weird. This article hedges so far on trying to pretend that that doesn't happen, that it actually undermines the security of (mostly) women in this country when it comes to technologically assisted domestic violence.  

[Here is an article from NCSC](https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/information/guidance-for-practitioners-supporting-victims-of-technology-facilitated-domestic-abuse), on how the National Cyber Security Centre are planning to try and support victims of digital assisted domestic abuse.  

[Here is a report from Kaspersky](https://media.kasperskydaily.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/93/2024/09/23151934/ECSM-report.pdf), where deepfakes (which do often use audio in part), are listed as one of the three main threats facing survivors and victims of digitally assisted interpersonal abuse.  

The BBC says it's fine, so... 🙄  

Should we be concerned about employee monitoring? 🤣🤣🤣  

[Here's a media primer of the VAWG issue,](https://stopstalkerware.org/information-for-media/), because this has increased not only with the technology, but also profoundly increased during 2020. this is likely partially to do with the social impacts of the pandemic, but also may impar be due to the increasing incidence of what we are seeing with organised telegram groups, where men are disgusting together. (I am not in the mood to be nice.)  

[These issues have been in the conversation for quite a long time, with people who have used the Internet for a long time for entertainment purposes, and there is a repeated dialogue here which you can see playing out most strongly within the conversations where we talk about safety for children online.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRakawaG/)  

The really interesting thing about potential social media bands for under a certain age, is that it gets away from the longer term piece of work, but also what would be more protective for all of us, which is to actually talk about the mechanisms by which exploitation and abuse actually happens using technology, including but not limited to Internet capability. It also sets up any child who is potentially exploited or abused, because if we banned them from social media, and they are later found to be using social media after they have been abused, this will default this horrible narrative line, which will say that they shouldn't have been there in the first place. This would completely override the very real fact which is that there is predatory behaviour that can be addressed via many different means, and it will keep the focus on survivors and victims rather than on the people who displayed that predatory behaviour.  

If tomorrow we band skirts and dresses, I can guarantee the first person who would get assaulted would be told that they shouldn't have been doing it anyway. We don't have a tendency to speak about the actual vector of harm that matters and can take responsibility. We always try and minimise this and we always try and make it the victim or survivors problem.  

This is why a lot of survivors find at least some relief in media that you might not expect them to, and it's why one of the lines from cell block tango works so well. The song of the line survivors and victims are often told, with frequency, for the rest of their lives: in describing why they murdered their husbands, these women are singing, "he had it coming; he only had himself to blame". The reason that media like this works so well for so many women is because so many women have been victims of or have survived interpersonal violence of some description. It is relieving to many to hear it being applied to the group that is doing most of that violence.  

(If you're surprised that somehow we were talking about an intelligence or defensive matter, and now we're talking about musical theatre, welcome to polaris.)  

By continuing to regulate more and more strongly for censorship when it comes to political activism especially on the left, but not use the tools that are available to prevent violence towards children, we are continuing decades of work which was first advocated for and piloted (not exclusively but to a concerning degree), by Epstein and his associates.  

We are doing the work of a notorious child sex offender, post-mortem on his behalf.  

So please forgive me if I'm slightly sceptical that the BBC never really addressed what might be its own problems following the disclosures related to personalities such as Rolf Harris and Jimmy Savile.  

---

[I don't actually hate stuff like this, but it does make you wonder why it took us 100 years to notice.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRakoPo6/) 

---

[This was the immediate next recommended story. I think the Internet is broken.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRakwVdS/)  

---

[Aw. They still can't distance themselves from the Heritage foundation talking points. Posibily because it's the only way that anyone in reform could ctually get laid.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaBBMFd/)  

It's always very telling to me whenever the blame shifts to women for the birth rate, because it really does feel like someone just got really high and started talking bit too much about their breeder fantasies with their mates on their stupid podcast, put it into an AI and vomited out a policy.  

I don't know how to say a nice thing, because it always sounds like a lot of men saying very loudly that they aren't getting anything.  

Why improve as a individual when you could just use AI instead?  

---

[Anything but allowing Palestinian to live on their own terms and decide for themselves what they want to do with the reparations that should absolutely be paid to them.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaBkTBH/)  

The board of peace is illegal.  

The board of peace is not a valid organisation, because it is making decisions on behalf of Palestinians, over what is going to happen with Palestinian sovereign territory; these people have less legitimacy than Hamas, and I really need Westerners to start really putting that into their brains.  

It doesn't matter what you think about her mass, her mass have more legitimacy to be making decisions on behalf of the people who are in the Gaza region, the board of peace has even less legitimacy, and it is full of war criminals.  

I am not commenting on whether or not war crimes have been committed by her in this statement, what I'm saying is that that group of predominantly white men who are not from Palestine, or acting unlawfully when they decide without reference to and without consultation with and without the permission of the Palestinian people, what to do about Palestinian sovereign land.  

It doesn't matter which borders you use, post 1967 is the case that was used by the ICJ recently, and the wall is illegal. The blockade is illegal. The occupation is illegal and that piece of land belongs to Palestinians.  
It doesn't belong to these weirdos on the board of peace.  

---

there is a really interesting point to pick apart here, which is that because of how Anglophone Internet infrastructure works, there are a number of voter fraud stories in the United States that significantly undermine the administration there, and bring significant questions about whether or not a free and fair election is possible for their midterms, and any stories using the same language here will make it harder for those stories in the US to be seen.  

This is only possible because of how algorithms using specific individual words work, in the way that they currently work.  

It's not necessary to say that reform did or did not do this deliberately, to point out that this makes them an asset to the current money US administration. It's very possible for this to be done by soft power and network in common, and often people feel very betrayed when they find out that they've been influenced in this way, even if it was accidental, because many people feel it takes away their own personal agency (quite fairly).  


---

The man who were particularly close in the centroid, I am now getting recommendations for guides for lesbian dating, so it's good to know how well you're all coping this morning.  

It tends to do this while you're bitching about women.  

---
