[I, too, have some questions for the RAF, regarding trafficking, and provisions for safeguarding underage females.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5tsG9L/)  

Who the hell did you give/not check access of my Welbeck data to?  

Anyone who knew, the MOD as a whole stop speaking to me during the subject access request process, when I confirmed that the data should be handled under the Children's Act, and that I was denied any meaningful ability to consent to its current use. I don't know if this means they've identified a problem that they're actually doing something about, or if this means that they are just trying to make the problem go away.  

I would suggest at this point it's quite difficult to make a problem go go away. I would like to see some of this and it's over potentially in the humble address request, because what on earth has been done with it?  

I have never been a Crown Servant, it should not be protected under "national security" unless you've done something particularly unhinged with it, and it is not unrelated of data from a Crown Court trial that has gone missing.  

I'm finding it very difficult to understand why it appears the law applies to everyone else except from me; what the fuck did anyone do with my fucking data, and why have I needed to clarify my nationality to everyone, and why has the FCDO returned no record of any embassy use of any of my data?  

(To be fair, I think tzippy does pull in a "terrorist" ticket on basically anyone Jewish who says anything that she doesn't like outside her embassy, which in the state of Israel under the mandate laws, is technically a correct definition of the word terrorist _according to her government only **and should not be applied within the UK**_.)  

there is a cold water of people who have been defending your democracy here, consistently, for three years, against misuse of these terms; it is political people who have been distorting the capacity for this country to see that none of these laws should be applied as if the UK were in wartime, because no such declaration has been made to the parliament of the United Kingdom, yet in many cases the laws regarding this are being applied as if we are currently within a wartime period. I ask the honourable readership to please wake up if you have not already. You need to stop looking at this as a right or left issue, because the people who are spearheading the current anti-democratic attempt, are not. They are just looking at it as territorial control, which to be fair is a lot more intelligent than "which side of a specific building does this person sit on". Nor have they all come with one nationality, nor are they all particularly motivated by the same thing, other than a very specific type of governance being in situ, which requires democracy to be undermined. Some of them are just here for the bank.  

This is why I find the term "asset" more helpful. You need to look beyond what was possible only with traditional intelligence and traditional borders, and look at what is possible now that you have the digital infrastructure that you have.  

Likud might be aligned, but it doesn't represent the whole picture necessarily, nor does the territory they operate in, represent the entire picture. It's very deregulated though, and it's very opportunistic, politically. Given how close it is to being bankrupt at given time recently, you have to anticipate that perhaps there will be more than just the traditional allies assisting such an entity. If you genuinely believed that the State of Israel was absolutely necessary for our survival, why would you let it fall by maintaining only loyal support to the West, if they couldn't bankroll you? The answer is: you wouldn't let it fall on those terms. You would reassess alliances accordingly.  

Especially if you felt the West had been infiltrated by the "woke leftist extremists". Doesn't that originate as Russian political speech, anyway? As in PutinProm speech?  

Oh wait, I forgot, you can't possibly be both right wing and infiltrated by Russia, according to the prevent guidelines in training. My bad. Tell your little tsarina bear friend I said hi. I'll stay here defending our island. It's cool.  

---

[The rest that have been made, from holding signs up, even though the prescription has been found to be unlawful, are still going ahead.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5tEwey/) but we can't call a murder at a mosque with armed men, in the same area as a similar attack at a synagogue that was called terrorism, terrorism?  

MI5, The Home Office, prevent, you guys need to sit down and put your heads together, because something is not adding up in this.  

just please make it make any sense. Just any sense at all.  

this is also why it's not possible in this country to have a synagogue which is not actively taking aside on British foreign policy, in line with what Britain is currently putting forward as it's foreign policy, because the synagogue would lose its public protection, but remain at high risk. I'm not meaning to take away from the horrible murder of a young Muslim man. I'm trying to show how ridiculous these rules are, and how they act actively constrain minority religions in this country.  

Every religion that is not Christian, is still constrained by needing to prove that it is not some sort of hot house for terrorists; when that is the case, how can we call ourselves a democracy? The point of democracy is to have plurality. Why do we have to be on side with everything that the British government wants to do in the foreign office, just to get adequate protection from the violent bigots that we apparently cannot get rid of?  

If you want to even it out, I'm going to need to see some Anglican bishops get frisked.  

---

[Six days? Were they moving him out? Was there anything left?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n18tf/) 🤣🤣  

I guess it's not the type of neighbourhood where you can count on a neighbour to "borrow the telly" from round the back, before they come in.  

---

I think part of the reason why I'm remembering the synagogue attack so vividly, it's because it was just after the first of Epstein files and just after Andrew lost his title, so for me there is a pretty solid line between that happening then, and the very sad murder of a man at mosque just after the second trench has been released and the British government has taken any action in the form of these arrests.  

To make these look like related incidents, in terms of temporal and circumstantial context. But I'm not counter terrorism, and I'm sure those guys can work it out.  

Clearly, I don't understand that holding up a sign is very obviously terrorism, so what would I know?  

---

Although I won't lie, I'll give it 10 seconds before he loses his rag about the horseriding. That will have made in furious.  

---

[I think we can say about the parties on the left have essentially united in support of one candidate, as a united front against the far right.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5ndd47/)  

I don't think the rest of us know what to call labour these days; we do understand the baggage in the history, but it's really difficult to see how it's a leftist party in many ways, not least in this matter in particular.  

---

[Until I see anyone else heckling at the potential child rapist who is running from investigation, I do not need to hear anything but defence and praise for Ilhan Omar.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n137F/)  

You can all have the decorum back when we are not looking at the big orange nonce every day. Do you understand how many conversations I've had with people who do live in the United States, who find that looking at a rapist every day on the news to be incredibly triggering? The fact that they have to look at someone who is at the very least guilty of crimes which amount to our public understanding of rape, and this was before we got the Epstein drop.  

---

[Reminding us all for the millionth time, that the United States administration which is currently in power, believes in starting the end of days as quickly as they are able to, because they are religious experiences.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nFN2o/)  

Honestly, if I was the CEO of Anthropic, I would also drop out and start my poetry degree.  

---

[This would be sensible use of soft power happening right here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nBNBX/)  

It is now algorithmically impossible to speak about them, without increasing algorithmic pressure on the subject of Palestine; this is incredibly smart as a move.  

It's actually very difficult to pin down the precise origin of that, which is why whoever thought of that one probably needs a raise.  

[A Duke and Duchess essentially taking part in what looks like a teaching round delivered by your seniors, is not unnoticed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5ndreb/) It's a habit that a lot of doctors are in - this is the style in which you teach students, and if you listen to what's being said, they are essentially being taught, albeit not as medical students. I think the most interesting perspective is actually that of the Palestinian teenage girl who is in the position of watching them, as an observer to them processing what is being said. Whilst primary language is not English, and this is betrayed by a small piece of Arabic that is spoken, it is interesting to see how she is observing them; most of what we pick up from other people during conversation it is in fact their tone in their body language. She gets to make the final assessment, and while this is not necessarily the intent of the reporting, it is inherently included in it.  

[What is really significant about this, as well, is allowing a Palestinian teenage girl should be of her own heritage.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nYbtk/)  

The keffiyah, is not a terrorist symbol, unless your mind is so small that it cannot hold in its heart a teenage girl who is on her way to becoming a young woman, who has suffered in this way because of where she lives, and where she was born, irrespective of anything she has done or not done in her life.  

---

[From Arizona to Tel Aviv, these are all the same men.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n2Boy/)  

["To them, we are all Palestinians."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n1bya/)  

---

[You don't get to make that the headline, at a point when the child rapist in chief is still standing in the oval office.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n6yvu/)  

We can have the disorder part, but we are all talking about the actual crime bit that came as a result of someone having the disorder, so this is not cool and it's not edgy and it's not liberal and the New York Crimes can go and fuck itself for to be quite honest, quite a lot of of its recent reporting.  

Why is this recirculating, can we ask? perhaps our esteemed information inteligence colleagues to look at the cause there?  

[Because there is nothing that that man wants more than World War 3 to start.](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/7/13/feminist-icon-gisele-pelicot-awarded-frances-top-civic-honour-report) anything but releasing the full trench of Epstein files for the survivors of that network. Literally anything but.  

---

[The public will need more than this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nMKtd/)  

The public are looking at being angry in an entire network, and that's what it's going to take to chill them out.  

---

By the by, if I find in retrospect that any portion of the request has been held because of the by election, I know exactly which two political parties I am going to eviscerate for that. The one who isn't in government is acting as if it definitely does know something; you are going to need to give me an incredibly specific date and an incredibly specific origin on the request.  

---

[Saw Pelicot's visit to Queen Camilla](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nr9Tu/), [went on a rabbithole, feel very vindicated.](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/7/13/feminist-icon-gisele-pelicot-awarded-frances-top-civic-honour-report)  

---

[Repeating that it is damning of European democracy, and of its pretenses of not wanting the blood of women on its hands, to be in the position that lawmakers are having to push this so strongly for the upcoming vote that secures safe and legal access to the procedures sometimes known as abortion, but which include the procedures to treat miscarriage where it is not possible to safely pass without intervention, because there is no adequate safeguarding of our digital interfaces so has to be protected from the people who want to push for women to be excluded from a part of necessary women's health healthcare, that significant capital is still invested for algorthmic influence on the matter.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5n6xrB/)  

If your religion is not about butchering women, and if your political opinions do not include the unnecessary death of women, there is no capacity to say that this is a religious issue; you must always support safe and legal access, because to withhold that matter condemns women to death.  

Trust me, I used to "not believe in it". I still believe you should be able to access it if you wanted it, but clearly I've done a lot of work on myself since then, and actually found out what it entails, and find out what harms I would be supporting if I didn't engage in safe and legal access more widely, including if I was a medical professional delivering the procedure myself. I actually have a lot of very wonderful people to thank for that, but I'm assuming that they probably don't want to be named on the Internet. Always be curious. Sometimes we even find out that we are wrong, and sometimes it pertains to an incredibly important matter.  

In the time that I have been online, there are a number of men who are clearly trying to work out why I am pro-choice; in order to save God winning who do not yet have safe and legal access, I refuse to state publicly my gynaecology history pertaining to this. I am thinking about this, however, and I am open to thoughts from other people who have uteruses or who are treated as if they do, only.  

<!--Partially I just like the tiny little bit of unresolved territory in the minds of some of these alt right men who hateread me, who apparently have also considered whether or not I have an actual penis before. I don't hate that that goes on for some of them. If they ask, I got extra ones, and at least one is pneumatically powered, and at least one of them shoots bullets, and I'm thinking about upgrading to a laser. That's how they see penises; why can't I?-->
---

I just got another piece of holocaust material again, so I'm wondering whether or not this is actually a deliberate thing by the Alt-right guys, or is it more of a algorithmic response to when you view my content?  

Which is fascinating. On so many levels.  

I thought you guys said it wasn't real 🤨  

Pick a lane.  

---

We are geolocating to Notting Hill now, which the last time I checked? It was quite a way aways from Poland.  

I also getting very specifically tickets on south-eastern, from London to Rochester, so if this is you, you might just want to know that you are very highly scoring in our combined algorithmic placement right now.  

I do not live in either of these places, and I do not regularly take journeys on south-eastern.  

I have two further the locations, but they're a little bit too specific, and one of them contains an architectural commissioned new build. This is how much the digital infrastructure at its current time shares all of our data with each other. This is why this is something that needs regulation. You can see that I'm already not holding back on a lot of things, but the fact that I'm stating it's so niche that it feels like a privacy issue to post it, should tell you how much this desperately needs regulation.  

I have had locations that have come up consistently again and again, which have only disappeared once I have them shown clearly on my phone screen that it is possible to niche down exactly who it is that must have the access all that knowledge, and then the location is disappeared for weeks or months. This is not something which can be easily overcome by just having very good cyber security hygiene. This is something which is very much part of our data in infrastructure, and when you regard people as terrorists and you then end up showing that information to them... can you see how I am not just necessarily "smart" or "intuitive"? Can you see why the way in which we are currently going about counterterrorism monitoring is inherently a security issue? If the same actors in the UK really thought about it, it would be incredibly easy at a higher state security level than that, to hide your location, but to still monitor individuals in the UK within our government structure, and that would not necessarily be apparent through algorithmic placement monitoring done by you yourself. This needs regulation if you want to protect our democracy from external actors; anyone suggesting that we shouldn't be legislating for software that works like Pegasus (but the NSO certainly isn't the only provider), is it declaring their interest upfront, and their interest is not the security of these Islands.  

The only group of people who would instrument have their lives made harder by this, is anyone actively grafting off the counterterrorism sector (I'm happy for these people to lose their cut from the taxpayer), or alternatively, anyone actively utilising these loopholes in security to harm other people in this country (I am also happy for these people to lose their cut from the taxpayer).  

I can also tell that one of you, this morning, is choosing to treat a bad back with codeine and volterol. I mean it could be a bad knee, but I'm gonna go on the economics that I've also had advertise to me, it's probably a bad back, and you're probably not doing the physio exercises you've been told to do. You also seem to be new to this, because you're not choosing heat or times or ice.  

This is how intimately you can get to know people without meaning to; the infrastructure requires securing and it requires regulation.  

I can go further and say you've almost certainly got sciatic nerve pain; this is "man in 50s meets gardening task", type clinical vignette. if we want to play the game of probabilistic AI targeting, I could go further in the state a likely cluster of occupation, and a likely exercise history over the last 20 to 30 years, which I'm going to imagine differs significantly from what we were doing in university. (Depending on how much of circles you are actually counting as being part of the sport.)  

None of this is my intelligence, as much as as it is your own infrastructure design lacking insecurity at its most basic level.  

---

[Thank fucking G-d the telegraph has finally refound the niche it excelled in pre-buyout.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nF5ng/)  

---

🤭🤭 [Declassified UK just got their parliamentary press pass.](https://youtube.com/shorts/QyQ27sc2-9w?si=2YzMd6pdh2QYwAnc)  

That list of supporters is like the who's who of transparency. I love it.  

---

[Speaking of transparency, and seeing as we have a policing question in a major news story, this is a wonderful overview of how the digital system of policing is mapped against a contractor.](https://youtu.be/ObxO2fjZ2Vg?si=CxzYFNaF2F6MtFCn) This means that any decisions which appear to be algorithmically driven, or any decisions which appear to separate risk from reality, do you also have to take into account that our policing is partially subject to the mathematics that we build into these algorithms, and the training data that we give these algorithms and how that training data is either affirmed or suppressed within that algorithm. Highly interesting subject.  

This also cannot be separated from any arrest that come out of the Epstein files, because there are still people in the Epstein files, you have not yet had to answer any questions in front of any legal authority as far as we are aware, who are also part of the power structure within this specific contractor, and to this day as we can see with United States, we cannot get these companies to fully handover exactly what they are doing and exactly how they are training these models.  

This is also tied into Palestine, because these are essentially the contractors and a class of contractors that are sitting at the helm of the genocide of Palestinians in Gaza and the annexation of the West Bank, and this is part of the predictive policing which is used under that illegal occupation, and under the part side which is maintained by the legal entity, the State of Israel. It is not possible to do our business in another place and not expected to have any implications or repercussions on our own society here. When British-Israeli business occurs, in the setting of allowing what has been referred to legally as an apartheid under the ICJ decision-making for such a structure, Britain is buying into a world which produces a replication of that structure in the setting of shared infrastructure.  

If you really wanted peace, and if you really wanted equality, or even if you just don't want it to impact us here, you would be for an aggressive and total sanctioning of any legal system which producers conditions which are seen under the ICJ as being an apartheid and in a legal occupation; you would not train your own systems which police your own people on such a system. you would have the sanctions in place because you would be choosing to uphold an apartheid-free country here.  

In this regard, Britain needs to decide what the fuck it's doing; you cannot have your piece of cake and eat it in this scenario, that's not how the infrastructure works, it's not how the data science works.  

[Whilst the Microsoft Copilot bug has been fixed (I think? You will need to check me), this is the kind of level of policing fallout that can happen, which I seem to remember a lot of you being very bothered about.](https://youtube.com/shorts/KkPB-GhVrms?si=CXEGAW1oO7-jWO_D) If police are being told to use AI products, and then sometimes those AI products are part of our information changes it's meaning, especially if it's material to a decision that is latest scrutinise at parliamentary subcommittee level, we are leaving policing in a situation where there is no possible correct answer to literally any operational decision.  

I'm surprised that no one has flung it back in Sam Altman's face, that moving aside from the fact that what he said was very anti-human, he's also just incorrect. He knows he's incorrect. He just really wants to keep plugging his product and for the company not to fail. AI is not correct 100% of the time, and Sam Altman knows that personally. After the number of deaths that have been described to AI products, and now that we can see the impact on policing, can we perhaps agree that this needs regulation?  

I don't understand why no one is regulating this. Unless someone speaks to benefit from it, there is no reason to keep wanting this to be so instrumental to our infrastructure that it can't be effectively challenged, and that transparency cannot be held for when the decision-making might be part of that black box.  

To still be talking about a world where we move to a Panopticon (and whilst the home secretary was the one who said it, let's not pretend that everything comes from the cabinet when a government is in power), at a time when people in the US are using white privileged to destroy flock cameras, and France has had riots, and Italy is out on the street... essentially for the same reason that we are still asking the US government to release their full holdings of documents so that the survivors of Epstein can finally see what was actually done or not done by the United States as a legal entity in relation to their good faith reporting of that man and his associates, I'm just not sure you are in the real world.  

Everything that I've just spoken about by the way, all has actors in every part of it, which I implicated by the Epstein files, and therefore every single part of this benzene ring does need to have pressure applied to it; we will not get transparency and we will not get our democracy, until at least the Epstein network is removed from power. They are all trying to evade having to take any accountability at all, even in a situation where they all say they're not guilty. Go figure. But that leaves us incredibly vulnerable to any actor that seeks to utilise their vulnerability, and it is very easy for external states to hold leverage over them directly.  

---

[It is also absolutely astonishing to me, that all of you seem to think that Peter Mandelson always acted alone, and was like a single entity of power without support, for all those years.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nXFfm/)  

As usual, the majority of the British media class are happily sleepwalking through a very obvious set of questions that they could be holding two people who were in the vicinity of not only Mendelson, but also Andrew, but also the Epstein files, but also a number of other things which we still do not have good resolution on as a country. It feels almost willing, at this point.  

Don't forget that some people are perfectly decent to some people in their lives, and then not to others. It would be ridiculous to assume for example that Jeffrey Epstein wasn't perfectly charming to all of the men that he networked with (and therefore abused children with). That doesn't mean that he had a fraction of contrition or humanity when he abused the survivors of that network.  

There is this persistent problem we have where we just just seen one person ever did something. Sometimes, especially in the context of international trial sex trafficking, one person ain't gonna cut it on prolonging an operation. The idea that not a single other soul in British politics deserves any scrutiny at all, despite the fact that there are several names within the Epstein files which even where they are not directly related to child sex trafficking, what they are related to does give pause for thought, is absolutely mindblowing.  

Some of you need to start looking up the names of every single person who was in a cabinet from date of Epstein's first conviction onwards.  

For those of you who are playing around with this Epstein Mossad agent idea, the reason why it is far more interesting to look at when the convection happened and onwards from a political point of view, is that by definition of anyone who was looking for children to abuse and was in elite circle of power would have sought that man out, and it says at that time that it becomes far more lucrative from the point of view of kompromat. no one has to knowingly be an asset, and although Epstein almost certainly probably did know, the people who were filmed did not necessarily need to know in advance, but they could then be utilised as assets because of that blackmail material that existed about them. You are telling me that at no point, whilst Epstein was in the UK living here for many years after his conviction, you don't think that anyone in British elite circles approached that man, on those terms?  

We had the Kremlin at Cambridge Analytica, we have had significant U-turns on China under this current Cabinet, and we have demonstrably gone above and beyond what our usual commitment to foreign allies is in respect to iron swords.  

But fine, no blackmail exists of any politician in Britain at all. We are only focusing on one man so there is only one man who could possibly have done anything. And we are focusing for some reason on the one man who isn't straight. This isn't to say that you can't abuse kids if you're gay, but it is to say that perhaps it is quite likely that there may be a number of straight (or at least straight presenting) men who are banking on the fact that we regularly villainise queer men, as a way to hide in plain sight.  

We are talking about network child sexual exploitation. We have had several scandals for this in the UK. How on earth are we not putting the pieces together and perhaps asking ourselves that if only two men have been arrested, given how networked to those men are, there are probably also other men who deserve to have at least the tiniest bit of journalistic scrutiny at this time?  

For what it's worth, I would personally love to see Mandelson and Andrew locked in a brewery, trying to make it work. (If he pulls for a moment to think about it, doesn't one very obviously look like he could work the taps, and doesn't the other very obviously look like he might have the slightest clue about how to age alcohol? Actually, now that I'm thinking about it it might just be the one man who does all of the work. I might need some external guidance on where we think the skills lie here.)  

---

[Whilst we think about the mathematics, this actually leaves the entire country as very easy to take by a, for example, new alt right party.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5nVhK3/)  

How much cryptocoin did they give you? I need to know the format. I will even give you some dogecoin if you just confirm for me which currency you utilised for your donations. Actually, you know that's a lie, someone locked me out of my crypto wallet.  

On a perhaps more serious note, all we are really doing in terms of pursuing British names who were in the Epstein files, is pursuing the same people who move hot money around London.  

Which is fascinating, because I thought Palantir actually did do aml software, so I can't really understand how that all works to be honest. What else is going into the algorithm?  

Is there a button on ontology, you can click every time somebody says something that you don't like? I'm just trying to work out how it works.  

Although with the impact of search poisoning on predictive platforms like that, I don't actually think you need to have a button.  

It's okay though, as we have established, no government department in the UK actually gives a fuck about search poisoning, even when it shows CSEM, as long as it's already picked up the fact that we should be regarding that person as a terrorist. So all only one really needs to do is to search poison every single person who may even think about speaking up about sexual violence, and then rape is basically legal in the United Kingdom. How I love this country. Please can we get some fucking regulation on the digital products that we use? 🫠  

---

I also feel that I might need to clarify anyone's interpretation of where I talk apparently with approval about destroying flock cameras in the United States. These are part of the machinery of a genocide of people based on whatever ice is using as it's determinant, which apparently seems to be "I don't like the look of you".  

If you don't want me to treat you on the same terms that I would treat Nazi Germany if they were here today, you need to not behave like Nazi Germany if it were here today.  

There are already governments that are refer to on these terms; none of this should be news to you. in this regard, I am closer to being someone who is pro democracy, rather than an anarchist. I only appear to be violently anti-state, where fascists are involved at senior tiers of that state. I do often wish that I was more inclined to anarchism, it does look a lot more interesting. Sadly, I am quite boring.  

---

Whoever thinks that they're leading a horse to water in the form of algorithmic doggo placement: don't you think I know?  

I can be protective when I want to be, you know. It might help you to know, but sometimes what I am putting into text is my thought process, and so sometimes rhetorical questions, are simply that. Rhetorical questions. if they encourage curiosity in the reader? I think that's why some people even bother to read this.  

I don't think that move in particular was unfair. I think it was quite kind, actually. Contextually, I think it has good grounds to be protected, as an act of necessity.  

If anything, it only prompts the question of why a polaris protocol, however unorthodox, was required to even try to get me out. A network requiring such acts to uproot even one person still held within it, is not two men.  

Particularly if only one would even know where to begin in regard to the brewery conundrum.  

---

[The centre left, I won't lie, I'm making me go so hard on being a new member of Team Badenoch.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5WfLjP/)  

Kier Starmer answered in a very interesting way, and it wasn't necessarily a bad indicator. He answered in the way of someone who was actively cleaning house. He didn't say that it wasn't true, he didn't say that she should look in her own party, he deflected. This reads as the answer of a man who is cleaning house. Therefore, not only the humble address from the Lib Dems, but also on top of that, any information that is coming too late from the labour party's likely own internal investigation (because it would be mad for them not to have an internal investigation, given that they are speaking from the cabinet position, and presumably don't want to be kicked out of government), will likely be of some importance.  

The late party are positioning themselves as a party who is actively taking steps, although we don't know what they are currently, partially because some of us will legitimately be behind national security, and some of it may be very embarrassing, and so any government who is currently holding office would want the full facts as far as possible, before making those statements public.  

To be so bold in making the statement, the leader of the opposition is also stating very clearly that she has no time for anyone who wants to stay in the party who is going to undermine this position.  

We can argue about politeness inappropriateness all we want, but but it is actually being done by both the current Prime Minister and also the leader of the opposition, as well as the leaders of several of our parties, is to make it an uncomfortable fucking place to be currently, if you even so much as possibly might be mentioned in the Epstein files.  

Given the likely legal action that has been taken by the people who did have their names redacted within the US, and we know some of those people because there are all makers who have gone to the US to look at the unreacted files in the Department of justice, and some of them do you have network ties to the UK, it is highly likely that anyone who is going to be in a disclosure would now know, would've known ahead of the survivors, I'm so by using this kind of language in parliament, it may not be very polite, but what has been done to those people who are survivors of Epstein's network is not very polite either. The fact that we've never managed to use language like this when we have addressed grooming gang scandals, Jimmy Savile, Rolf Harris, Andrew Mountbatten Windsor, is the actual thing that we should be ashamed of as a country. For many years we have allowed to politeness to get in the way of justice for survivors of network child sexual exploitation. That era ends now. And none of us should be apologising for it.  

The centre left, can kindly use this moment to bring scrutiny to the issue, because you cannot be holding a middle ground, if your middle ground cannot condemn behaviour that's very obviously should be criminal by anyone's imagination.  

I cast us all back to the Letter from the Birmingham Jail, written by Martin Luther King, because they just peace is not a comfortable peace, and it may be uncomfortable right now to have to stand in certain positions, but if you give a slightest little shit about children not being sexually exploited in this country or in any other, my G-d will you stand there, at the very least, so that the rest of us can secure justice.  

It may be uncomfortable to be interrupted at dinner, and so I raise you that it is also very uncomfortable that I cannot currently sleep whilst it is dark outside. Do you think I choose this? Do you think this is fun? Do you think any survivor chooses the terms upon which they have to engage with the world? No. They do not. Until they are all free, no politician will "deserve" to be free; none of us "deserve" freedom, if not every single person is somehow entitled to it. It is an all or nothing scenario. Freedom is dependent upon everyone being free, and we've only truly just exemptions to that state of being, if we are to make any at all.  

I also just want to say a really quiet bit out loud for any journalist or politician still parroting these lines:  

None of us know's everyone's own history, and so we don't know if she has herself been a survivor.  

The idea of a black woman in this country operating in a male dominant field never having been sexually harassed even once, is a pretty big show with trust, in the conservative party. I didn't realise they were such a safe space.  

it shouldn't be necessary for anyone to have to talk about what they may or may not have experienced out loud.  

The idea that anyone thinks that this is being done just for votes, when we are looking at the biggest scandal and biggest cover-up of a scandal in our known history, all of us, absolutely blows my fucking mind.  

This is a child sexual exploitation apparatus that went on for decades, and some of you are so desperate to protect everyone's hurt little feelings, when not only are both parties responsible for the failures of this country to tackle child sexual exploitation, but Westminster has objectively failed to protect children, and to protect vulnerable people, from any of this apparatus. I don't know why you all seem to think the grooming gangs do not exist where they are run by white men in this country, it is absolutely mad.  

if it was the case that the leader of the opposition had said that it was a party of paedophiles, and that she described the crime of paedophilia to a party as a whole, I would have other things to say. However, it very much appears when you look at the data from all of the grooming sandals that we know about in this country, that both of the major parties, and also some other others, in politics must have acted instrumental to defend those people from very further scrutiny. We have now managed to unseat a prince from his possession of privilege, and some of you are still prioritising protecting people who may be the offenders themselves.  

The reason that I won't criticise by the way an MP directly for being a survivor, and having said this, it's very simple.  

Every single survivor of childhood sexual abuse is currently living in the worst background noise of whatever an emotional flashback looks like for them specifically. So I will criticise for example, what seem like issues they may not be aware of that were existing anyway, but I'm not going to criticise the fact that what has happened here is that there is no safety in the labour party, and there is no safety around these MPs, because the labour party is allowing these things to be set out right and it is not providing any sort of safety for these MPs, so that what happens is they are putting out to the media people who are currently, potentially, experiencing pretty awful flashbacks.  

There needs to be a decision, made not by the fucking press, not by the media, because you guys can't be fucking trusted either to look after survivors - respectfully you did all hound the survivors of Epstein and Trump for fucking years, often engaging in the narrative warfare from their side of the team, when it came to demonising trans women (look up who first accused Trump in public, who started the chain of events that is allowed cis women who are his survivors to come forward and in some cases go to court; her life was made hell by the media, and her identity was demonised) - to provide safety and support within a workplace environment, which the last time I checked the House of Commons was supposed to do some work, to protect anyone who might be impacted before it even impacts them.  

Although I guess we've made the point for reform, there is no positive discrimination in this country, and there is no affirmative action in this country, because apparently one of the most obvious places that you could be having this conversation about disability adjustments and vulnerability and safe spaces in the entirety of the country, is so woefully unprepared for what is an incredibly common occurrence in this country.  

I'm also just going to reflect on the very obvious, which is that we are pitting women against each other with more readiness than we are scrutinise the men who held power during the period that Epstein was here, all the men who are most closely associated with either of the arrests, or the men who are already named in the Epstein files.  

Everyone is desperate to make this about a psychodrama that simply does not need the amount of energy that we are giving it, certainly not as much as the fact that we have not in any way shape or form protected children from grooming in this country. There is no legislation in this country that protects children, which is not overridden by counterterrorism legislation.  

Welcome to why I am a terrorist.  

Was it not obvious?  

Now you have to ask yourself why is several members of the fucking army are now involved in trying to get me out of the paperwork that I am stuck in in order to keep me in this place.  

I did not even want to help to come from the boys in the mud. But the RAF appear intent on embarrassing me, so here we are.  

(The Navy had Andrew, what can we say? That was either of them taking The Biggest One for the team, or it is the biggest domination of their entire service. I'm still not sure which.  

You'll be telling us all that he never served in the Falklands next.  

Although we have to consider, in later what we have heard from the protection officers, what kind of feats that the Navy had to endure in order to keep him busy and away from causing any problems. This is why they left in charge of the Kraken. They're the only ones who can handle it.)  

...  

I am very cross at the British establishment, currently. I am aware that I am very transparent, and exceptionally easy to read. it makes all of the algorithmic prodding and gaslighting, really quite laughable.  
Some people really take weaponisation of ignorance to a whole new level.  

---

If you want a hill to die on, or if you want to feel short changed from what we are electing these people to do, members of Parliament in this country don't have to sit through any mandatory training, including but not limited to the equality act.  

The individual parties may do that, but they don't actually get anything systemic. Trust me. I once had a very lovely conversation with the standards commissioner about it.  

---

[The big tech men are not geniuses.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR57eNjx/)  

[This might be.](https://youtu.be/IYTJfLyo_vE?si=NE2jCqRnNDiP4Dss)  

Dear policymakers:  

This is PC building 101. All the nerds know. Please consult your local nerd for technical support.  

[And communities are resisting this with increasing success, so you probably should care about shorttermism.](https://youtu.be/2ER8N9wbMBo?si=tg0NFjz1AjuullBh)  

---
