I am working over Shabbos for obvious reasons.  

["When I mention I'm Jewish on the internet, like 12 times a day..."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPt8Gnc/)  

It do be like that, though.  

I've got more time for people who I can tell I just incredibly hurt inside and so it's almost a reaction thing whenever they see any post, probably.  

I think it just feels so weird to have to clarify it that many times, and I just want to say a special thank you to the WASPie society who helped get us here, whilst patting themselves off the back for being saviours of the Jews. We really couldn't have done it without you.  

---

[1. Which classrooms teach kids to shame themselves? 2. What is this ideology you speak of that isn't just biological science applied to our deeply sexist culture? I am confuse.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPtjPLT/)  

but this right I'm gonna end up having to write a note specifically on queer theory because a lot of you are making speeches which are just fundamentally not in line with factual "how the body works" science. I don't think there are mainstream schools that are doing anything which encourages a child to significantly alter the gender expression. I think what you are picking at is very niche parts of guidance, that arguably our only ever delivered in specialist services, and for which there is actually quite a good degree of ignorance across public services regarding. What I don't like about the people who are using this is a talking point, is that refusing to acknowledge the science on trans identity, is part of the reason why we have waiting lists for appropriate clinics to even be assessed, there are so long that a large number of those individuals unfortunately die by suicide. This is preventable death at the hands of a state. To encourage division which piggyback on that blindspot for many people's knowledge, is pretty damn low.  

But you know I also like to do my research, so whilst I do believe that this is probably part of a political strategy which more on more or less lifts off the templates that have been using in the United States and applies them to the UK, I will make sure that I do a little bit more digging for the actual current data point of things before I comment further and put a node up.  

Given that is a genuine concern regarding the United States potentially being in the first stages of genocide in regards to this population, bringing exactly the same trick to this country is.. a choice.  

I also do like the fact that everyone on the extreme right who uses Electric around shamming, essentially is admitting what they themselves are uncomfortable with, in reference to this British history point (I assume that we mean history, when we say that children are being shamed for their identity). It relies on an idea that British people are incredibly fragile, and that children can't process the fact that you can do bad things and do good things at the same time. To assume that children can't cope with that by the time that you even teach British history in an imperial sense - it's pretty telling. I do understand that a lot of the people here are saying it because that's part of the brand, and it's not recently they believe, but for those people who do believe it who are at that policy level - that is ridiculous, and please stop being ridiculous. There is no shame in recognising a dual history where you are part of a group which has both suffered of violence and also perpetrated violence. That is very common in a lot of countries, because of the history of those countries, and it's very common across different identities. Refusing to resolve it as a really strange decision. That's like choosing to live in a state of just being angry and confused, when you could just chill and eat berries.  

Oh, I've just had flashbacks to the particular Conservative Cabinet when Stella was the talking head for bringing this into the training modules, and my goodness did that make the training modules very silly. Listening to you all complain about protesting done by groups like extinction rebellion, at the same time that it was a rising and very serious alt right threat, which obviously didn't get mentioned.. and we don't need to mention it now, clearly there is none of that, nothing ever happened, jobs a guddin let's move on. nothing ever became of that. There was never a report within encounter terrorism about this. Nope. Everything is fine. 🐶🔥  

---

[We are so lucky that the hunger strikers are able to come home alive; another bail release has been granted.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPtURkR/) 🍉❤️  

---

Full application stalls/freezes without standard messaging/icons indicating processing time, on encrypted email service on iOS. Reviewing SAR material from academic controller.  

This occurred multiple times, and so I have reviewed only corrospondance not requiring pasword access; this is what prevents communications being more effective.  

---

[Tiny Hands mistakes the WH Press for his own childhood bersion of Bing Bong.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPtvP8n/)  

His adult era ego defence mechanisms are starting to lose their ability to compensate for quite how much he permanently sounds like a petulant child.  

There's a very complex question about whether or not keeping him in his presidency, has an element of elder abuse; he's clearly struggling in terms of carrying out the duties of a president, and obviously I'm not saying that he hasn't done a huge number of very awful things and continues to give permission for and encourage and very awful things towards other people, but I think this particular christofascist regime keeping him propped up, quite literally, is a little inhumane.  

don't get me wrong, he could be said to have credible responsibility for crimes against humanity under the current regime, and as we all know there are a number of credible accusations of sexual violence which have never been resolved, you can be a bad person, and you can still be exploited by others, and at the very least we can say that normalising that exploitation is bad, if it's not possible for some of us to feel more engaged with the potential pain and abuse in this scenario. It's perfectly okay for people to not feel like they need to have that energy and resource, and this is not to feel bad for someone, this is just recognising that propping up an old man who is probably no longer fit to do the job, isn't great. .  

---

[I just want to say a big thank you to Neil liberalism, for making it literally impossible to honour one of the core pillars of medical ethics.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnNDeq/) when people see healthcare teams in the role of a patient, and they know that a call has been recorded or they know that there's an additional listener in the room, even if that is essentially a mathematical algorithm inside machine, they act differently because we all do when we're being surveyed. This has a huge potential to reduce what they're prepared to say in front of doctors and nurses and as a huge potential to reduce them reporting some of the more serious but what can be a little uncomfortable to admit symptoms in front of the healthcare teams. There is a very real possibility that this will contribute towards preventable death.  

But we have to put AI into everything, don't we?  

Whoever was involved in this decision-making, this was a pretty questionable decision to make. this is assumes that there are never failures of security, and it fails to recognise how human beings act under stress and under surveillance, and it lacks an understanding of the importance of red flag symptoms, and it lacks the experience of the clinic to understand how sometimes that is there is an art to allow allowing someone to be comfortable enough to tell you in their own words, some of the most private things about their body .  

But again, we need to put AI into everything, and why not exploit the sick and the disabled first.  

there are no historical presidents for this. Everything is fine. 🫠. 

The idea of being able to train an LLM like system, to be able to accurately and most importantly not trip over into huge litigation, the particular style which are medical notes, but instead to use actual voice capture and actual biometric data of the patient, this is absolutely wild and how unethical this is .  

Who sat on the ethics board for this? This is beyond bizarre.. the idea that we would get blocked from getting access to work text to speech for so many years, even if you needed it under the air quality act, but we have to do this instead? In case this is already being used, I have already seen some very interestingly worded and awareness documentation in the last 2 to 3 years maybe slightly longer.. at minimum, this represents humans who do not have medical hexagon, but often phonetically matching to the closest word, doing the dictation.  

Additionally, given that we are essentially training a product by giving all of this data, I hope that someone in the British government actually charged the AI companies for being allowed to do this, rather than simply accepting a discounted rate.  

It would actually be really interesting to see which department approved this and whether or not a human ethics board was implemented, or whether it was seen as legally fitting under procurement only with no quality impractical.  

Which again, when it is primarily using biometric data, which again can be stolen or leaked down the line and made into upsetting and intimate deep fakes of people, and sometimes they are actually very convincing now, given what the potential for harm is there, it is absolutely out of this world that we are not talking about the DPI A documents on 10 o'clock news.  

This is the type of thing that needs a Class Action suit from a large number of people in the UK because this is absolutely ridiculous and it's been put in to play over several years now, but there is no guarantee to completely guarantee security of anything, was seeing more and more hacks of databases that were felt to be extremely secure happening commercially and also governmentally across the world, so do you think that this will be protecting your data?  

There is something especially exploited about doing it in a clinical setting, because it gives the most accessible in usable range of vocal capture fragments, that can then be used to model you as a person, and the deep face that can be created from that.. I'm going to let everyone work out how their system can be abused. See also airport security and being female., particularly in certain countries.  

---

[Lots to say about all of the opinions being expressed in health here, by all speakers, but for later when I'm awake enough to wear my glasses.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnU7Vh/)  

(i'm currently doing that thing that you do on the last few lines where you're really trying to push it, and between you and your optician you're like, basically describing the shape of a letter and guessing on the basis of eliminating on shape and lower contrast in the areas where there may be a gap.)  

optical assistance for occular accessory muscles has been located. (I am very curious to know who was having a long conversation with Me about prisms that time; and before anybody asks, if you are that cemented with your data with People, you can effectively have ping-pong conversations through just presenting ideas.) I think I genuinely might need some time to digest this into whether I want to build notes around this content or update current nodes, or to speak about it in narrative form. I don't necessarily with anyone you've spoken that clip. I think there is a very fascinating conversation to be hard, not just about the subject itself, but also about retic during transition periods, as well as the practice of that business portfolio, and also regarding the reality of the complex complexity of the conversation. Then there's the very front and vulnerable admission of how much that person derives their meaning from their ability to produce in a capitalist society. It is quite unusual to see people being that honest, and it sounds more like a place of honesty than actually tearing down the working class deliberately? This is very strange to see at that level, so again I find it interesting because I'm nosy. there's also a lot to talk about and I think this is actually captured very well in the expense although I'm not saying that that one sci-fi franchise answers all questions and comments and philosophy around universal basic income.  

I think we're going to go through this transition phase as well where we are in a 1920s-like economic landscape, so the meaning of money at this particular moment and time is not something which is very stable and that is probably the case across classes. (This puts a lot of emotional weight into money itself, which is essentially a string of numbers or paper notes that are IOUs, but I digress.) it's very interesting to have the conversation of whether or not we prioritise an amount of money or a standard of living, and this ties back to our various attempts in the last century, at coming up with a universal human rights standard for all of us across the board. This is where it gets very interesting, because a lot of of the tech sector as a whole is able to be that extractive, in part due to inherent disparities in rights provision. When we say it's all connected, we can look at the Congo industry of mining cobalt, as an example. These mines are often owned by tourists (not explicitly owned by the workers), and there are lots of situations in which mining remains exploitative, and remains to be a job done in a way that we in the west would consider considered unacceptable in terms of risk and health and safety today. We are only a truly rich society when the people who are supposedly their backbone of the tech industry, are treated with the respect that they deserve for doing that life changing work, but unfortunately that is far from the case with those adult adults and children who are mining cobalt in Congo.  

When we say it's all connected, it's not to say that you just say that everything is connected to everything else and leave it at that, it's to actively look for how dependencies of flowing through the system, so that we can come to a more elegant and resilient system. This is not unrelated to how we are essentially poisoning actively the planet, often in ways that we don't need to, but we are choosing to on the basis of additional industry. Some of that damage is not something that we have the current technology to either resist or to reverse. We have no guarantee that we can colonise another planet, or colonise the moon. We don't have any guarantee that we can put everyone into space, so we really do get one earth. Taking care of it as an insurance policy for ourselves as much as it is for the generations to come. Inherent within that is also the avoidance and prevention of things like genocide which is what is impacting Congo, and import is driven by the tax sector being as extracted and exploitative as it is.  

I'm not saying that these are easy things to resolve, I'm not saying that you can fix everything overnight, but I am saying that over the last 40 or 50 years we appear to have reached a point where we were bending towards justice, and yet on some things we took a bit of a U-turn and decided we wanted to be really shit again. I wouldn't say that this is the case that everything used to be great announced bad, it's more that we were making upward progress and our rate or velocity has gone a bit skew-if.  

Not completely unrelated to this, the more that comes out about the sized impact the Epstein and his network had on putting together the architecture that includes allowing that to happen and includes integrating some of it, although I don't want to ascrive huge will changes to one very sad man, with no conviction and no sense of justice. There is something very interesting to be said for how much extra extraction was pushed in that period, and how much it was encouraged, and this is quite interesting when you consider what his skillset actually was, and also why he was misread as being a lot smarter than he was.  

One of the things that I've noticed quite frequently, and I think this might get some people if they realise it today, is something that he does which is very similar to something that we do in medicine. It is often interpreted as you being very clever but what it's actually doing is allowing the other person to speak a lot. If you're seeing somebody in a healthcare capacity, you do want them to be more open then they might normally be, in parts so they can tell you what's happening with them and you can start to get to narrowing down their diagnosis and helping them manage or to cure the problem. So the technique is not inherently abusive or extracted, but it can be. There is so much regulation around doctors specifically because this abuse of power is so well recognises a potential, so the fact that it's not recognised in similar jobs with a similar power dynamic social standing and also the ability to set this up, baffles me.  

he was just really good at flattering people enough, saying enough about a subject to sound credible, and using language in order to encourage other people to speak. Most people like to be able to feel as if they are sharing some really interesting thing, and in circumstances where things can feel very shallow in general, when someone feels like they're actually really listening to you, it can almost be an addictive experience.  

This is very prevalent through this man's emails two different people in the tech industry, and it builds up a huge volume of knowledge about what's going on and where. Particularly in parts of the industry which have a significant impact on anything which can be connected to manipulation. I don't doubt for a second that he was doing this for his own gain, as well as probably selling the information or trading the information later.  

whatever strange gap video appears to have left, that many people appear to be attempting to protect, or just simply have an emotionally calibrated around, this was a man who does seem to have been doing a lot of things entirely for his own gain, including the times that he made anyone feel special. That's probably really difficult for people to hear if they're the type of people who are inclined to defend him, but it might make it a lot easier to stand with survivors, when we realise how prevalent the extraction was.  

I also just don't think you should ever really defend a nonce, from their chosen behaviour which is harmed other people.  

I'm aware that certain parts of this project get a wider than an anticipated audience, and I would like to encourage people who are in the frame of mind to be defending this man, to perhaps be thinking about how much he was using everyone around him. It almost appears to have been slightly compulsive. This doesn't mean he doesn't know exactly what he was doing, and I don't think he really did have any sign or show any signs of remorse. I think this is a time to take any of the complicated feelings that people have about that and to back the survivors of his abuse, and getting what they want, especially as they have a governmental regime essentially in breach of its own laws, largely to protect one person from fallout. That person is being protected so that a minority regime can sit behind him. Supposedly they care about the sanctity of femininity. Supposedly.  

I'm not sure how it's possible to call yourselves men of G-d, and implement the types of policy that we have seen directed at people based on the fact that they may not suit your idea of what a standard human in a standard country should look like. I'm not sure how you can really say that you care about marriage if you are essentially introducing systems of coercion, and I'm not really sure how you can say that you care about divinity whilst also poisoning the Earth.  

I'm just not sure how you claim to be honouring a higher power than yourself, if you're reaching that much pain and that much havoc across what you believe is from the creation of that omnipresent power.  

Although, FYI, Abrahamic G-d? Appears to have a track record of incredibly interesting ways of bringing a sense of karma. Something that is true of most religions is this recognition that there weren't necessarily be intervention and something deeply harmful at first, but that the world often acts to restore balance, and harmful cycles often come to a close.  

---

[This](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnNeGV/) from Lowkry, is the definition of, "be so good that they cannot ignore you".  

---

[it's not as if the survivors don't know exactly who some of those people are, so they continued withholding of the files by the administration is definitely a choice.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnUABy/)  

There's something that's very interesting in how this is actually very protected under law, and I hope to any that they have access to wonderful legal support, and I'm sure there are lawyers who are providing that.  

Not only will "shame ...change sides", put some of the weight might be carried by more than just the person who has carried the weight the entire time.  

---

[How much do you need to reject Jewish values, to be this divorced from honouring one of the key, core concepts?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnRN5M/)  

I repeat again what I've said for a long time, it's very clear in the October Israeli medical association journal, that we were expected to as Jews everywhere, constantly act against Palestinian access to healthcare. Now you have doctors who are willing to accept, you have doctors willing to treat, and it's the Court that's done the blocking on the order that it was required to get out of Palestinian territory and into Israel's territory. This is essentially murdering a child, if left unreversed, and this is why we all keep saying that that wall doesn't need to fucking be there, and you don't need a checkpoints in every fucking street.  

It enrages me, how many people genuinely believe that that government stands up for Jewish values.  

The IHRA has a very specific passage about not comparing Jewish people to Nazis, and this is actually very sensible given trauma informed practice. Unfortunately, the current is Israel regime are acting very much like Nazis, and that is the most obvious comparison to most people across Europe and North America, and one of the most obvious examples to people internationally.  

I can't remember Norman Finkelstein's exact quote, but essentially, if the regime does not want to be compared to Nazis, perhaps it should stop acting like them.  

if you're about to reach for the language of, "I can't believe that the people would've gone through the holocaust...", then I remind you that Medinat Israel has always conceived of the Holocaust on very on a very different terms to the diaspora, actively shames survivors such that they are often left in poverty, and we were not the only people who were targeted during that catastrophe. Of note, I would encourage our gotishe readers, to look up the Hebrew insult, "supan", see who it applies to, and see why it is used. The state of Israel was based on the concept of the modern Hebrew, the New Hebrew is an expression of hypermasculinity, and as such, to have been murdered by forces in Europe when he could've gone and colonise Palestine, is seen as deeply reprehensible. There is a really obvious comparison to a really well-known concept from Neitsche; this was standard philosophy at that time of conception. What you are witnessing is a regime that quacks exactly like what it is.  

It is deeply hurtful to me, and many others, that it uses the aesthetics and the poetry and the literature and the art of Judaism, in order to keep Jews in an emotional chokehold. However, this has never excused us from fulfilling the commandments, and it has never excused us from pikuach nefesh.  

Do I love everything that I see that comes out as an expression of grief and anger and mourning, at the plight of the murder of Palestinian people, including by wider society? Not really. Does this even come close to enough to stop me from acting in order to prevent any further involvement or material support of their regime which is commit committing a genocide against the Palestinian people? Absolutely not. The idea that anyone is putting my little feelings on paw or above, the literal lives of people who live in Palestine, is absolutely insane and deeply reprehensible and deeply offensive, it is incredibly anti-Jewish, to believe that I'm so weak, but my feelings ought to be prioritised over the lives of Palestinians.  

We are not fragile like glass; this is a western concept which originates in the same reason the same rationale as the word holocaust was created. We are not weak. Your inability as westerners to take apart your association of Jewishness with illness and weakness and physical frailty, is your inability to unlearn eugenics and unlearn the fascism of Nazism (because it wasn't just a German idea).  

Truly, anything but therapy.  

The West is refusing to unpack its potential complicity in the holocaust, and it is refusing to unpack its racialised politics today, and by doing so, it is willingly marching blindly into complicity with a genocide in respect to Palestine.  

The dissonance needs to stop.  

This child is currently being denied life-saving care, because this child is Palestinian, and so does not have the freedom to go to the hospital who will accept this child and deliver this child's treatment.  

Pikuach nefesh is a called Jewish value, to the extended override the mass major majority of others, and I no, if Medinat Israel even tries to argue that this is a rodef exemption, it simply cannot be argued that a five-year-old child would possibly pose a credible threat of murder to you, as a grown adults.  

Honestly, the sages (the ancestor rabbis) would laugh in your faces, if not exile you from the community, for having the gall to even suggest this.  

In order for you to believe that, you would be accepting a degree of dehumanisation and racialisation, that puts us into the intent category of genocide, and allies should be well aware of that, this is supported by documented, archived rhetoric from politicians at the top of the regime, including describing Palestinian children as all inherently murderers, and including telling us as Jews in a religious context that we have a duty to murder all Palestinian children specifically because they pose a risk of murdering us.  

The rhetoric that I have been exposed to, even though I live in the UK and I'm not part of the communities that you might expect this to be more normal in, is absolutely nuts. It's also why I have zero patience for any white non-Jewish people who keep telling me that my understanding is completely wrong and young people are misinformed. I do not think that I am the person in this scenario who has a propaganda translation issue.  

If any allied leaders and business leaders who have real dependency ties with the state, such that they can use leverage, genuinely do not want to have to go to the Hague and explain this, it would be seriously sensible to start intervening and advocating in these cases.  

Not giving a five-year-old a border pass because you think they might pose a risk of murdering adults, is absolutely next level, on a different planet, the law is not functioning as a legal system anymore, kind of red flag.  

There's also one of the 10 Commandments that says do not murder, and as far as I'm concerned, this would be responsibility for the death of a child, at the level of having committed a murder. anyone who talks about their religious identity as a Christian or are you currently he was not actively supporting this situation to be resolved in someway, is telling you how much that religion actually means to them. It's just an identity voucher for some people, rather than a way of life or a means to improve improvement.  


---

[Does Norfolk feel left out?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnGX7D/)  

i'm not saying you should have children with your cousin, but I am saying that maybe there is a very obvious hypocrisy in a predominantly white UK party, only talking about the example in Bradford.  

If we also consider why some communities are very insular in the UK, and this extends to several different ethnicities, as well as a lot of white communities, this actually gets very interesting about UK society in how different communities are connected with the wider country, and it also picks up a very interesting point about immigration in the last 100 years in particular and how that was done by the people who were the colonial administration, or continue to practice colonial style administration after empire.  

I don't think this man doesn't know this. I'm pretty sure that that entire political party is just one big grift for everyone at the top.  

Continuity is a lot less, now that we have City life being predominant in this country, because by necessity, we are all pushed into a very high population density space, and so we have an easier time finding people to have children with who are not as related to us as our cousins are.  

However, there are areas of the UK where this is less standard, and there are a surprising number of white families and white communities where this is actually more accepted, or the degree of relation can be a lot narrower, then you might think.  

In cities in particular, yes it is often immigrant communities or communities who have immigrated some generations ago, but remain for various reasons that are not entirely their own fault, very insular. This is not just the case in communities which are in Bradford, and communities who encoded in the way that most white people in the UK are probably going to understand this reference, which is that we are coding for Muslims from Pakistan.  

Following partition, following 1945, on the tales of the Windrush generation, there were at various points some very colonial choices made which could constitute to some extent forced or coerced displacement of people from the Hindustani subcontinent to the UK, in order to facilitate factory work.  

I know that I don't know enough about the particulars of the live history, to be able to give life to this, and I think they should really be a moment where we give the story over to the people who are most in touch with that story and for whom that is part of their family story.  

They were also significant communities of people from that subcontinent who had already been moved under the same British colonial system to Africa, again largely for railroad work, and those who had survived, when they were more violent regimes or there were increasing instability, often those communities moved not necessarily as one cluster, but in a peak of immigration, to the UK. In these cases, there was often at least one member of the household who came with skilled labour or was part of the professional class.  

All of these stories have an element of extreme coercion under British imperial context, and the reason why we needed so many more workers after 1945, is because we had lost large numbers of particularly young men to both World War I and World War II.  

this is all to say, but this type of migration, which has ultimately produced some circumstances that are noted as unusual to people who are white and working in cities, was set to effect as a result of the devastation of the first part of the 20th century, and we have never really resolved that economic balance as a country. We cannot realistically look at mass deportation, and we cannot realistically look at not fulfilling international human rights, and part because that would expose us hugely for reparations in a way that we are currently trying to resist as a country, but also it would undermine our commitment to international order and therefore our soft power potential, and also there are industries in this country that effectively only managed to stay afloat on the little that they pay their workers, primarily due to immigration.  

The reason that an elite class would want to separate the workers from the recently migrated, or those who have migrated within the last few generations, is because you all have a reason to unite on a common front for better wages, terms, and conditions.  

If we could put our racism to one side for a second, as the large majority of people in this country and come together, we could have a better quality of life tomorrow, due to the amount of pressure that we could put on the 1%.  

We are currently actively choosing to remain divided in many context in many ways, and if you're anger is being channelled towards something that is not reading news like this, it's because they don't want your anger to be taken out on other things.  

Given that reform UK is effectively a mouthpiece for far more wealthy donors than the people who are fronting it, one might be inclined to ask, at a time when there are so many processes which are going on which are highly abusive, highly risky and dangerous to the working class in this country, highly risky and dangerous in the middle class, why are we talking about this as if it's a problem?  

Oh yes. Because we are less effective when we are divided.  

There are lots of places in this country where people have like a similar face, and you'll know what I mean if you've been to different towns and cities, the idea that we are sinking out a population with a higher incidence of migration in the last 50-100 years, is absolutely insane.  

If the elite still want to look at us as cattle, it could be pointed out that if you didn't create so much hateful retro around race in general, people would internarry more, and then you wouldn't have consanguity, although I suspect it's not actually the consanguity that is the problem to you.  

We can hide the dog whistles as much as we like, we can keep moving them around, but they are still dog whistles and they do still whistle dogs.  

I would personally prefer, as the embodiment of a nice juicy bone, do not have this be the normal situation that we have going on in the media.  

I'm also really curious whether or not we're going to release the full Epstein files for the survivors as they have requested.  

I assume that this is what we don't want to talk about, if it is the other thing, then why have we not got a solution for liberated Palestine, which doesn't rely on a board of colonisers, many of whom are actually in the Epstein files.  

Would you like me to continue?  

Shall we stop the dog whistles, gentlemen?  

if you want the medical ethics debate, that's actually a lot more interesting to have, I'm just not convinced that's what we're actually talking about here.  

---

[And a round up of no thank you to the non-rights we will have as women under a reform government.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnsEh9/)  

I also keep getting loads of content for LGB alliance specifically, so I assume that we've got some trans exclusionary people hanging around at the moment.  

I am not that person.  

again, I think choosing to divide communities further, when it was a trans black woman who threw the first brick at Stonewall? I'm not sure that this really translates to long-term protection of our rights, honour as any of the progress, or really does anything but to encourage appeasement of the more violent strands of patriarchal society.  

---

[This is the core of what we need from media training with the Epstein files reporting.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPWYGLK/)  

---

i'm also just going to know that I'm seeing a lot of content that is really trying to push me to divulge more about what's going on in what I would really see as legal correspondence with different departments of the UK government.  

I share what I'm comfortable sharing, and whilst I still do not have access to a lawyer, I am in a position where there's a certain amount that I feel like I can say, versus a certain amount that I feel like I can't definitely say, sometimes I just think about that overtime and make a decision, and sometimes I hold.  

I don't want the people who did this to me, and the people who facilitated it, and the people who were complicit in it, to be left in a position whether they're able to say that I said too much I didn't say the right thing, and then that undermines the process of the law.  

It's still so... it's a lot to take on board what's actually happened, and what's likely been generated as a result in terms of "research output". It's really difficult to know that they are likely several people who knew the depth of how much I was struggling, and essentially chose money over the most basic human rights provisions. The particular group of people that this "research output" has benefited, is particularly offensive because I might have given some permissions or some of that access, had it been something that I could meaningfully consent to. The fact that all of that has been extracted, and that my life has been pressurising a way that essentially encouraged a move to survival sex work, which was then extracted from, or because other people wanted to pass around a lot of money and also "dominate" a woman who was prepared to stand up for other people, that is all really.. I mean it's sad, to be honest. I do have periods where I feel very angry about it, but my current emotion is just to see how fucking pathetic this all is.  

This speaks far more about the people who were involved in financially profiteering from exploiting my background as a child sex abuse, survivor, and my Jewish identity, and the fact that I had the pulse to go and fight for my country as a kid, and it says anything about me as a person.  
I constantly feel a lot of shame for some of the things that I've had to do, or feel like I've had to engage in, because that's not really what I wanted to do on the whole, even if I would say that some pieces of it were consensual. The degree of how I was exposed to knowingly, says far more about the people involved in ignoring my crying, then it will ever say about anything to do with me.  

It would be nice if these people would just be upfront about what they've done, or what they know, but I will continue putting pressure wear pressure needs to happen, and the dominoes will fall as they need to. I am more aware of the likely network in this country than I think some of the stakeholders who are potentially at risk, realise.  

pressure will be maintained until I have a lawyer, and until everybody is going to start being frank and transparent in their business dealings.  

I'm also quite curious to what fucking insane level you took this to, because I have quite a capacity for imagination, and as he progressed through the options, it just gets sad and sad that that was genuinely something that someone thought they could do to someone else, and for there to be no consequences.  

The genuine surprise that some people are having that the law is catching up to them, would be pretty funny, if it wasn't so damning.  

If you representing someone in the case, perhaps you might wish to put the mechanisms in place that I can actually have legal council uninterrupted and without surveillance in this country.  

I have heard that the judges don't generally appreciate obstruction to justice.  

Part of me is also curious, on a scientific level, how much of it is delivered through virtual reality, and how much of it is delivered through robotics.  

I then also would quite like a list of names.  

Partially because, do we really think that the same target population for "treatment", would stay away from what it was based on?  

I refer you all to the multiple calls that I made, to the police asking for protection when there was a credible threat around my home address, and I have received very little in the way of meaningful change, with a very small concession of removal of most of the most obnoxious activity in the summer.  

I am still essentially unable to get any data out of the various organisations who are clearly trying to obstruct freedom information, but also obstruct on the basis that they have been legally advised not to disclose evidentiary support to criminal activity.  

I have been obstructed from seeking ongoing support from people in my contacts range, who could only really be obstructed on utilising the official secrets act, or their crown service status against them and me.  

Give him which government department appeared to be the most silent in all of this, I think it is incredibly interesting that the Ministry of Defence feels so fucking entitled to my body and my likeness, but apparently is unwilling to commit to the safety of Jewish women.  

I am worth more than all the men combined.  

Never forget that.  

I'm simply wishing to establish, to what degree I need to be withholding information from the public domain going forward, or do I just keep talking, because at the moment I'm being put in the position where for all intense and purposes I can say whatever I like. It would seem really strange that that would be the actual wishes of anyone in law-enforcement, I'm a little bit confused as to why I'm being left in the dark.  

Other than it is a complete embarrassment to have to admit that I'm impacted, and precisely why and on what terms, and which people, dead or alive, signed off on this decision.  

I am not unaware of how bad this could be, and given that I'm sat at home with my lovely complex PTSD, with medication reduces a direct impact of People interfering in my health records, it would just be really nice to be at minimum able to access PRN medication again. I was never addicted to them, but apparently there was somebody who was very convincing to the healthcare trust.  

Personally, I think there still cancers writing under your ass, and as there is a failure of healthcare provision and due process, such that I've had to include international bodies during the period of the six months, I do think that I have more room to talk then if I was freely able to access legal counsel, but I'm not in a position to be informed, and given how much of the surveillance leak was so obvious and was so multiparty in nature, I have never been given any information that reassures me that my communications are safe, but also I've been specifically denied equality act provisions by a limited number of organisations, one of which is the investigate powers tribunal.  

I've already had all of the emotions you could possibly imagine for a whole range of what this could possibly cover, and I'm not ignorant about who may or may not have involvement, and who may have been historically been signing off, I just really want honesty and that would be really grounding for me in the context of historical trauma. When I make these requests, and they are not honoured, they create a greater legal risk downstream. This is why I'm being so clear.  

I would just really like to be able to feel safe for even a few few seconds.  

The fact that essentially we are protecting reputations more than we are granting any degree of freedom or comfort from even just a healthcare point of view to survivors, is deeply symptomatic of the crisis of human rights that we are currently in.  

Again, failure to engage increases legal risk, and I note that for future purposes.  

---

[No, Rupert, it isn't actually primarily due to mass migration, it's the way that science and academia can be bought by paedophiles, and the precise extent of how much power that nonces holding in our society.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPnonkN/) I don't actually think I'm the only person in that boat.  

---

I'm also going to note that I'm pretty exclusively in alt right content territory that specifically feeds policy and image management, and for that reason, I'm going to ask you if you can all either tell on yourselves slightly less, or alternatively, start complying with legal orders already issued, and legal requests or already issued.  

---

[His mental health counts above anyone impacted by the harms of suspected serious misconduct in public office, on a balance of rights?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPW44tr/)  

I'm fine with us recognising you can be investigated and be a human, but this is an esablished narrative pattern to discredit anyone bringing a claim and discredit any future prosecution.  

It is also very clear that many established media figures are finding the dissinance very hard to negotiate as individuals themselves.  

None of this, however, means that survivors, several of whom brought credible claims of sexual violence, and appear to have been obstructed in doing so, against a network of people including this man specifically.  

This is very insulting to survivors. The media narative sets the pace for the country.  

(Dictation now disabled.)  

We are also all allowed to have whatever response we like, although I assume that that clip is a personal reflection, thr public are allowed to respond in whatever way allows them to orocess the gravoty of our present political reality.  

---

[We're now down to all but one person has been released.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPWqdNE/) 🍉  

---

Speaking of little Russian bears, the recent apparent crack down on Baba Yaga in line with the timing of the Epstein Files tranches, is extremely funny for a man who clearly used witchcraft in the past enough that his "favourite witch" was at some point imprisoned for fraud, possibly because they were no longer useful. Given that that narrative is resurfacing algorithmically, but also there are stories which appear to put Vladimir Putin in a slightly better light than the current western disclosures, in regard to human trafficking in particular, and these are weaponised against the narratives which criticise the war in Ukraine, which the Russian people are incredibly tired of at this point....  

Do we not feel that there may be a little bit of a thread to pull here, especially as the right or constantly telling us all about the Russian threat?  

If you really feel that Russia is a threat, you may also need to kill your darlings as far as people who may be protecting within your own ranks, because that will allow you to open the criticise what is going on here.  

If the man was happy to utilise and leverage kompromat, from a child sex trafficking ring, I think really at that point you just accept that this person is not really a good guy?  

Was it 2015 or 2016 and I went to Russia? It was just before I started getting nudged to the Midlands.  

What got seen by the wrong eyes?  

Were will literally that stupid?  

Actually, I'm thinking it might be 2014, because I seem to remember it being just before the annexation of the Chrimea; it's almost as if my government data is cursed, probably by some disgusting old British men.  

Note the plural - one is never enough.  
(What is particularly interesting about this is that if true, I still only got issued with a Visa that did not spell my name correctly in Russian, but did a sort of literalised spelling from my name. So on the Visa you would've had to pronounce the "h" in Chloe. Glad to see we have Bargain Bin KGB to add to this shit show. everyone in this story is categorically useless at their jobs.)  

---

Essentially what it appears to have happened is that one malicious party after another has piggyback on the fact that someone with different power or with someone with different responsibility has essentially seen what is going on with my digital profile, so now I've essentially collected over 20 years of the most terrible men in Britain, and then anyone who is interested in them and what they are doing, trailing me around like a bunch of little ducklings.  

I literally just wanted to go to military boarding school, what are we doing with this trail of fools?  

---

I am very aware that my experience of algorithmic placement today is tuned for reactivity in fear from the end user, and as I've already mentioned about my PRN, and in the context of my health history, this suggests that whoever or whatever is responsible for that tuning not only understand understands the impacts, but also has access to that data.  

given the companies that hold active contracts that would cover that, who have also refused to provide information under the freedom information act where this impacts my data processing specifically, this is not an issue which is specific to me as an individual in terms of the risk that it presents.  

They either suggests that the platform is bad, that the security is bad, all that other stakeholders are having an outsized influence on operations. This is a company that contracts for both defence and healthcare in this country.  

---
