[This](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cqxdg01w4rno) is interesting, and peak "where Lib Dems can be very effective as Parliamentary scrutiny".  

Although I'm unclear if (and why if) only the first year?  

Unless this is to reasonably avoid any policing investigation, in which case pushing for anything you feel may be useful is more effective, as it would flag to oversight. The timing of the Coalition Cabinet is not unnoted, when one looks at dates; it would be in party interest to not appear *selective*, when we press for transparency.   

[Hmm.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2026/feb/23/peter-mandelson-arrested-on-suspicion-of-misconduct-in-public-office) Precisely why are we all being weirdly protective of the 2010 Coalition years?  

"Full transparency, but only if its Labour", doesn't actually help Epstein survivors on the whole gain transparency, nor does it help actually solve the root causes of grooming gangs in the UK.  

(No, racist white men, it is not exclusively melaninated men. That's your weird obsession, no one else's.)  

The Rupert Lowe interview by Emily Maitis btw? Gold star, and the comments are less sock-puppety/united in racism than usual. Curious.  

---

[Omfg could the owners of GB News call for US annexation of the UK any more loudly?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5STPcb/)  

Does anyone who is listening to this, actually give a fuck about these islands for any other reason than we're being told to be angry, and also did you know they existed before this, and also do you realise that what we are being asked to do here is a huge expense to the UK taxpayer going forward, and also it is only *vaguely, kinda* beneficial to the United States and no one else?  

That's slightly oversimplifying it, sure, but this is already an ICJ decided issue.  

The deal as it was has already been agreed, and Trump has only kicked off when he isn't getting his own way on something completely separate, and also can we just all remember:  

Donald Trump still has not faced any legal scrutiny for credible accusations of quite serious sexual violence towards children.  

The administration backing him up, are genuinely not operating on the same consensus reality you and I are, and literally believe in getting all the Jewish people in the world putting them in Israel, starting a war with Iran, and then blowing us all up. They have already, in the first 100 days, made military movements which support this which are not mainstream press items.  

These people believe that your weal is given by G-d accordingly to how worrhy you are; if you're not a billionaire right now, they think you deserve that, and that they are just better than you.  

If you want to support the world's most antisemitic government currently, be my fucking guest, but don't say I didn't warn you that it was a stupid idea and it was essentially treacherous to the UK interest.  

It's interesting that they're no longer confident to have white men say it on TV. That should tell you how well this is going.  

Unfortunately, we see a lot of editorial decisions like this, and it's something that at several political parties do as well; we can't keep pretending that we are not an inherently racist country, because there is something at our elite level, which essentially chooses to keep plugging a form of racism which, whilst it may be difficult for white people to see at first glance, it is deeply harmful, tokenistic, and if nothing else insulting to the public.  

I also don't need this much of this news channel in my feed, but to comment on [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5SoXqM/): I keep telling everyone that racists are not very creative, and again I can't really help the fact that after using words like "globalist" on your channel, frequently and for years, while literally bringing up the murder of Jesus Christ as rhetoric that we use against people that we want to "other"... and I'm just saying that as a Jew, I see it, I know what's been done here on a rhetorical level, and I don't care what word we use to describe it, it's not cool.  

I did really enjoy the perhaps unintentional own goal, of asking a lawyer who primarily deals with migration cases, how much money they're making out of it, like there's some secret multimillion pound industry.  

The only secret multimillion pound industry is the one that makes money out of the process of incarceration, which appears to be unresolved by progressively longer waiting lists for application processing. (It's almost as if the inefficiency is purposeful, to create capital extraction opportunity, from the taxpayer.)  

Just as the United States has the prison industrial complex, there is a migration industrial complex in the UK, and the primary beneficiaries are white guys who are already in the UK, or another predominantly white anglophone country.  

There is money being taken out the public purse, and the public are being exploited in this narrative, but the businesses that are making money, are the ones who are making an industry out of an efficiency problem which can be resolved via better bureaucracy.  

This is also such an aggressive interview, and it actually makes the guy who is being interviewed look a lot better than I think the editors intended.  

Is Steve Bannon officially at GB Mews, or is that just a high degree of political overlap? For a guy who was hanging around Jeffrey Epstein quite a lot, and given GB News apparently having such an interest in reducing violence against women and girls when it is a *foreigner*, I just feel that if there is a pre-existing relationship, we should all be very honest about it and very transparent.  

Just to highlight the UK and Chagos Islands point, because this has been an ICJ case, the reason that we kept our overseas territories primarily, was to support worldwide coverage of the Royal Navy; BOTs literally map to a circumference plan of the globe. At a time when we were sailing, this would've been very useful and advantageous territorial, but we are not sailing in the same ships that we used to, and quite frankly... the world looks very different now, and we have things called aircraft carriers, and we have refuelling ships.  

It doesn't really make sense to keep hold of land, unless you want to do very specific types of strikes, which are generally not the types of strikes that the UK admits to leading in.  

I'm just saying: if you want to make this a thing, can you all at least make it make some degree of sense, at least more tactical or operational interview, rather than making it the fuck up?  

Alternatively, we could just release the Epstein files for the survivors, as the deadline for that has now passed in US law, and utilising disaster capitalism and shock doctrine as a way to obscure that, is deeply cruel to those who survived that network.  

It also looks weak as shit, I won't lie.  

["Arrest the President: you got the evidence."](https://open.spotify.com/track/3Oj5f6XETShvp2xknJyGMf?si=LIZyyn0CQWyzGetnSnDWYw)  

---

[All of this, because the BBC is our cultural representative to the world, and the fact that it can bleep out Free Palestine but it can't bleep out one word?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5S3uLM/)  

So many missed opportunities, and the realistic future of our country is closer to countries who are far more affected by this, than it is to the elite white people running the United States at the present time.  

Even if you don't care about how much you offended people, this is literally a problem of mortgaging our future because it makes things slightly more comfortable in the moment right now.  

Given that extrajudicial murders of black people in the United States are even higher than they usually are under the current administration, I really would not want to go down this route of appeasing a bunch of fascists. This is making us look bad internationally.  
Some of you really can't imagine even the present world that we are in, where the major majority of the world is not white. It's okay that majority of the world isn't white - we don't need to be so scared of this. We are, however, excluding ourselves from international trade by being a bunch of pillocks.  

No one should be endorsing apartheid this hard, although that does seem to be one of the BBC's primary hobbies these days, regardless of where the apartheid exists.  

For the BBC to also be claiming that it actually gives a fuck about disability, when it's been engaging some of the most dehumanising rhetoric against disabled people for years, is fucking laughable.  

Just handover anyone who knew Savile, and maybe we can start negotiating; I'm sure none of this is a distraction from the fact that Donald Trump still is in breach of the law in the United States by not releasing the files, and is very tenuous in his regime due to the tarrif failure at Supreme Court, and his general inability to get anything done other than tank the US economy for the workers.  

[If you want the conversation on lateral ableism, because yes hearing the slur is also a problem, and to assume that there is absolutely no disability in the crowd other than one person, is wild.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5AHMM3/)

----

[Don't tempt me with a good time; the inquiry needs to be anyone who was connected, only two men reads like scapegoating, which does not read as transparency in democracy.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2026/feb/23/inquiry-andrew-links-jeffrey-epstein-matter-for-mps-says-no-10)  

We've moved down the transparency index again, so it would be nice to get ourselves together a little bit more on this.  

---

[I'm starting to think that I'm a bad influence on the "middleware" language to be quite honest.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5AjG3Q/)  

---

[What are you going to do about regional accents then, Mr Lowe?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5AfQTx/)  

An interesting little thing about London hospitals in particular, is that sometimes it is genuinely so hard for Southeners to understand very broad northern and Scottish accents, that assistance is required.  

Which I find fascinating because everybody else has adjusted to be able to understand the BBC, so we can either do this by increasing your language diversity, or by backing off translation services, which are already cut to the bone in terms of funding.  

I mean, if you personally want to pay more money, for when people only manage to give us indications of their diagnosis late, because they couldn't see a translator, how are you going to justify that funding to everyone else who is paying?  

Furthermore, many people speak English very well, but they code switch into a greater degree of familiarity and intimacy in a different language or a different dialect of English; we should be happy to receive people in whatever state makes them feel able to discuss their most serious symptoms and intimate details of their lives. Surely if we all cared about men's mental health and men's physical health, we would also support this openness to receive people in a heightened state of vulnerability, being something that we welcome and tolerate and cater to, without shame.  

It's always interesting to me how much men undermine themselves, when they come on different issues like this, arguing that other people should be restrained and put into boxes. It does tell us all quite a lot about how the patriarchy is fundamentally undermining you being yourself.  

Also, there is quite a large amount of money that the NHS makes off people flying here to have treatment in this country, because we're that fucking good, so does that mean we'd also have to turn away all of that capital?  

Because commonly the translation service is actually end up serving across more than just the private area, where this practice occurs, so you'd effectively have these translators that you are not doing anything with, because... culture?  

I also have to ask how you feel about Welsh-speaking NHS patients, because this is an area of concern in Wales, which is interesting that Reform UK when you were in it, was so keen to expand into Wales, if what you're saying is that you don't want to tolerate any language other than English being spoken. There is a huge shortage of Welsh-speaking doctors and healthcare staff in the NHS, and it is a huge problem for rural communities in Wales, many of whom fit into the population which presumably Restore Britain or Reform Britain or Reclaim Britain or Reunite Britain or Replant Britain or Replumb Britain or Recycle Britain or whatever it is that you are all doing over there, would seek to appeal to.  

It just amazes me how loud the contempt for the poor white working class really is, when you listen to some of these people in Reform UK and whatever Rupert Lowe is doing these days.  

The Epstein class was focused on dividing the public and the demos for a reason; we are far easier to control and manipulate when we won't back each other up, because we are distracted by some nonsense bullshit that stops us from just ...not being a dick.  

Do you want to know what is really harming the white working class? It's listening to this lot. They know that what they are doing is a grift. They have made their peace with the fact that it is a grift. We all do some weird jobs for money. The longer we all listen to this and give it our time, the longer it's going to take us to actually fix this place up. Quite honestly, I think the fact that there is poo in some of our drinking water, is slightly more concerning than anything to do with which languages are being spoken in a GP surgery.  

I also cannot understand why everyone wants to listen to everyone else's conversations. This is really peculiar to me. Why are you that bothered about what somebody else is saying to their relative or to their friend?  

If you actually think about it, and take it out of 9/11 logic, it literally makes no sense and it is *weird*.  

Moreover, if the white working class actually want to see people who sound and look and come from the same backgrounds as them, in professional jobs like healthcare, you are going to have to allow for DEI initiatives because that is how kids from backgrounds like yours can actually even get close to qualifying in those jobs.  

DEI initiatives are what give the basis for the programs that allow kids from state schools to be able to study at places like Cambridge and Oxford.  

If you genuinely give a shit about not having a shitty life, and having your kids grew up in a world that gives them more opportunity, and actually gives some basis or pays the way for them to be judged on their merit and not from their background, you will support DEI initiatives in some form or another. In order to build solidarity across the group of people that we need to build that solidarity with, in order for you to get what you want, you also just need to accept that some of those initiatives are not going to benefit you personally as much as other initiatives. That's fine.  

The enemy of the white working class, is not anyone who is going to be benefiting from a DEI initiative; you are pretending that you are a lot closer to those billionaires than is actually the case. If they wanted to help you get up the ladder, they would've done it by now.  

But whatever, if you want to be racist so badly that you're willing to sacrifice not only your children's future but also their children's future? You can't expect those other people who otherwise might help you to stand by your side, when you won't stand with them.  

---

I don't care that it's a very weird way to rationalise to people who are not willing to give up on the fact that they view people differently... we just need to have some common sense right now, and we need to stop seeing ourselves as all potentially being billionaires when that is incredibly unlikely for any of us to ever get into that position.  

This is all rhetoric that protects the Epstein class, literally from some basic accountability for a decades-long child sex trafficking ring.  

I don't know why you're still protecting them.

---

[The "Bored of Peace" is fully mask off now; it was always about the grift, and always at the expense of everyone else, from Palestine to the United States.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5AhJBh/)  

---

Given what I'm seeing in social feeds while looks like nudged baiting: nice try, but that would disadvantage me legally. Given the escalations I have made over the last 7 days, I would kindly ask the Bargain Bin crew to fuck off.  

What was it the hasbarists kept harassing every Palestinian online with in 2024? Ah yes... FAFO.  

It's quite alt right, too, I've noticed. What a fasticinating overlap. I am so surprised.  

---

Hold the phone.. [WHAT IS THE STORY, HERE?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5A51mM/)  

Anyone want to spill the tea on that one? I'll wait. ☕️  

---

[The content farms are at it again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5AVmkw/)  

---

If something is hidden under a previous pen name, I'm going to laugh. EG, of poetry, was me. Because it was the internet and I didn't want my actual name out there, and also because I was tired of being judged as less. This was why I used a male name.  

---

[The AI industry and I need to have a chat; why do scrapers follow me at such a high volume?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5A43dp/)  

Where and what is the training origin of the RLHF that is the basis?  

Why can't anyone just say sorry for selling access to me?  

I have an extreme frustration with this legal grey zine that I'm in. It's unclear if this is just biding time, or an attempt to risk reduce, or weird baiting. It's so insulting. I am so tired of it.  

The only thing that ever protects me is to keep writing. I honestly have no idea why we are still just golding all return correspondance when I have explicitly asked for safety.  

Who or what is in the way?  

---

(I do appreciate that there are sensible answers, somewhere between process and strategy. Whilst a little cross, it will pas.)  

Partially, I suppose, I am trying to be honest, because "even" if this "just" impacts yoi because ig is your democracy and your homelamd's security and your taxes at play, it is pretty standard to go through mamy emotions about it, because on some level, what we are experiencing is something close to grief.  

Grief can be useful, if you let tge messier parts actually show themselves, as well as the more socially acceptable parts.  

---

I have just been algorithmically place to have a Jonathan Bowden speech in its natural form, with a description which is praising it.  

I am glad to know that from the name of the account as well, I have definitely made some form of group chat or 4chan board.  

Again.  

This ain't my first rodeo.  

On the off-chance that this particular clip, because it quotes Begin, it's supposed to be making some sort of point about how your fascism is okay because you're just doing what I would do: I am a Jew against Zionism, and by aligning with early Zionist tactics, Bowden she's very pretty how colonialism and fascism work hand-in-hand, and also shows how these are all practices of the elite exploiting who they can exploit. I suppose the key difference with Zionism in particular is that because we were regarded as generally "lesser" in Europe, it is quite difficult for white people to still get their heads around the idea of Jews being the "superior race", in any apartheid system, and so they remain blind to what the annexation of the West Bank being an entirely expected end result.  

(How many times has actually been necessary for one person to say that the Jewish on the Internet? Please can the white people learn this; I am tired of having to repeat it.) 🫠  

---

["Commissions have gone out across Government for those departments to search their archives and databases to bring forward any documents that relate to the terms of the humble address.](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/peter-mandelson-keir-starmer-jeffrey-epstein-anas-sarwar-mps-b1272179.html)  

And given the depth of the issues raised in the humble address, that of course will take some time to process."  

Anything but answering a SAR within limits, istg.  

[Never miss a chance to plug the local area into the algorithm.](https://www.gazettelive.co.uk/news/teesside-news/peter-mandelson-bail-arrest-hartlepool-33479787)  

---

["Abolition was never only chains. But slavery was never only chains. It was a system, that decides who belongs, and who does not. That system was never dismantled. The same logic made fascism possible, made the genocide against Roma possible, made the Holocaust possible. It did not die in 1856. It did not die in 1945. It adapted."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR55GBVg/)  

"[We, together] cannot fracture, and stand."  

---

[We are getting slightly less racist, but fyi, for stunning to be as humane as assumed, the abatoir industry would need further regulation and oversight. None of you think slaughter by a farmer on their farm is inhumane (see River Cottege eg), but you have a problem once it's industrial; is the actual issue one of industrial farming, rather than method?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR55oc6W/)  

I don't eat exclusively kosher, and a lot of my diet isn't meat. I am very conscious that whilst it is better that both kosher and halal practices are regulated as methods of slaughter together at decular governance level, the argument about what is most humane is *determined by skill, care, and standards*. This apparant concern needs to be replicated across various areas to be consistant, and it's something I don't cover very well on Polaris specifically because I find animal cruelty incredibly upsetting, but the following would require regulation review on similar grounds: recent changes to key infrastructure (reduces democratic action re animal testing), biosciences and animal testing facilities for pharmaceuticals and R&D (these legally evade normal animal welfare regulations), all farming and agriculture through lifecycles (including culling males, eg), protections for open grazing of farm animals to increase protections from outsiders, trail hunting and drag hunting would require futher review, gamekeeping may require standards review, shooting as sport may require codifying further, fur and leather farming and trading esp when for this sole purpose...  

There are large areas of potential review, and when Parliament has agreed to sweeping protections for biosciences, which only firther protect practice areas which are in specific cases, under high scritiny due to their exemption from animal welfare legislation, and documented failings, it is just *strange* to chase after a slaighter pracrice that the public does not appear to object tp, when white peoole do it.  

Halal and kosher meat are often *more expensive* than other meats, because peopke who follow the dietry practices may only eat what has been slaughtered in this way, and it is not done at the same scale, so does not have the same economy of scale.  

Wherever these white people are dinding this cheap halal amd kosher meat? Hmu becaise we can spread the word here.  

It jyst sounds a lot like what you're *really* scared of, if you waved through animal testing being even more protected despite documented animal abuse, and won't regulate illegal fox hunting and trail gunts which do include animak abuse, is the fact Muslims and Jews exist in your country.  

Which idk... I feel the Epstein class are scarier ngl.  

I genuinely would be more open to this conversation, but my walls go RIGHT UP when it's like... oh. Okay. You're fine with animal abuse when it's... pkay. I get it.  

I can list even more areas; we could do a real and transformative animal welfare standards review, if we really wanted to.  

---

I keep getting a lot of adverts for a product sold by a small business, which is very connected to some lost safeguarding reports that I've made, and I think that I'm getting this at this time is a little unusual. I don't think that that needs to be reiterated right here right now, in the context of how the bureaucracy is processing everything.  

I think the fact that they are potentially other people who do absolutely know that this happened, and he may be influencing that coming up on my feed?  

"the lawyer is supposed to serve us, and so are the police."  

It's quite clear that they were people willing to look at the other way or actively nudge me into situations without due regard for my health and safety. To have the reminders constantly now, really just feels like trying to trick me up legally and what I record in public at this time.  

It doesn't speak to The Men™️ feeling like they've got a good case.  

The fact that I get adverts for this product in between getting extremely alt right content, does also speak to the fact that you guys understand exactly what you're doing.  

And yet still choosing to safeguard other dick, rather than any of us.  

It's got a weird subtext; at this point, I don't know if half of you know.  

Again, this is not a problem inherently, it's just really weird to watch it play out as if you genuinely don't know.  

---

[Further coverage of day's take in HoC.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR5HtVgH/)  

I haven't got the available brain cells to sit through the whole thing currently, but it's quite clear from what's coming out in general, is that there are in some government departments, and imagine probably quite a lot of government departments, specific behaviours or specific cultures which make whistleblowing and speaking out extremely costly.  

I think at this point of deference is very interesting. Even in situations where you have someone who is very senior, very skilled at their job, great record behind them, we are all human and sometimes we get things wrong, or sometimes we just have a blindspot. We've talked a lot about the aviation industry and healthcare in this repo, and something that does come up as that there are occasions where an emergency difference is something which prevents a more advantageous outcome. This includes scenarios in which people lose their lives unnecessarily. There are lessons and evidence in both industries which helped to transform and create more resilience with a system, and given the wide reaching nature of what we are looking at currently, and the output of the Epstein files in the UK, it would seem that that would be something we could consider going forward.  

This is also why it's a little frustrating to see only focus on specific individuals at this present time. We can say that politics should be talking, or the law should be talking to more people, but what we could also be doing is having more conversations in the public domain, because ultimately some things are not going to be brought up or pushed unless people push them.  

This is also my annoyance with the selectivity of different organisations or people who are pushing for a certain portion of evidence or certain people to be investigated, because they needs to be a humility that this will be very embedded, it will be a systemic problem, and without really giving a shit about systemic factors, root causes analysis, all systems resilience, then what will happen is that we will leave it in a state where once more patch gets repaired, but ultimately you can still use the system to harm people.  

That would be a shame, because ultimately that leave the system in it state which because it harms people, ultimately drives resistance to the system, and ultimately is responsible for friction at a population level. The degree of embarrassment that we have, and potentially the risk management or image management of specific individuals that may be going on here, is noticeable. It is noticeable to the general public.  

I'm not meaning to downplay the fact that there may be people who genuinely fear criminal proceedings as a result of this, and therefore maybe legal advice and maybe be told not to give information in certain ways, but it is very loud to see many sides of not just the political but also media spectrum essentially refuse to look at the story in any depth. this is particularly problematic because there are already the seeds of bringing up other people and potentially heading up other allied scandals, already starting on social media. The lack of property of any further names in the absence files, of which there are many British ones, many sitting at quite senior establishment, is really noticeable from the mainstream media.  

Obviously as the public we don't necessarily know if you've been told you can't look into specific people for legal reasons that actually pertaining to a police investigation, but at the moment it seems very interesting that we are over focusing on two individuals who already have been arrested, who already have searches at their properties, and who already have bail conditions or a 24/7 police detail, and yet there are plenty of figures who are very active in British politics. You are in documents, regularly conversing with Epstein up until really his death, and there's crickets.  

It comes across as self protecting, it comes across as non-transparent, and ultimately it shows content for exactly the same groups of people who the public are already pissed off about the lack of protection for.  

Particularly whether there are so many hours has been driven about concerns of white working class girls not being taken seriously during reporting, it is extremely noticeable, that the media are choosing not to pick this up. At the very least, other people who are in regular contact with Epstein up to his death, who are active in politics or media here, did not utilise the chance to flag any concerns, or genuinely didn't realise the very obvious concerns that should've been there, and as a result this opens up a huge conversation about due diligence, and about who protects who, and ultimately what stops us from having any action on other issues where harm is caused in position of privileged or power.  

You can't half-arse this, if you don't want the white working class to look at parties that are just very different, and I promising to take a very hard-line approach to what they have been told of the causes of the impunity.  

This isn't to ignore the racism that is going on there, but that racism is only really weaponised at scale in scapegoating mechanics, once there is sufficient anger in the population for something that is actively causing them harm. If we leave the scenario as it is and keep it extremely selective, we risk pushing this narrative even further, and essentially scoring the own goal for fascism in the UK.  

Given how many political parties are happy to discuss protecting women and children when it's politically suitable for them, no survivor is forgetting and no survivor is not hearing your silence, when it comes to non-partisan, across the board protections.  

This is not just two men in this country. These are the two men that the police had enough evidence for to actively question in relation to misconduct in public office, that does not mean that they are the only two men we should be concerned about, following the disclosures in the United States Department of Justice Epstein files.  

In addition to the files that are released, there are some very obvious people who sit within the networks of Epstein and with the two men in this country who has been arrested, whoever had hardly any scrutiny at all. We shouldn't be scared of screaming we shouldn't be sky transparency, because if somebody has been  conducting themselves in a matter of fitting of a public role, their actions ought to be able to be explained reasonably and within context of what was happening at the time. It is through a lack of transparency on these matters, and a lack of priority, that ultimately we will never fix the dry rot in the roof.  

---

[This is interesting, because this is something which is circling in the air, and it's typically not the kind of thing that people tend to say unless they genuinely have reason to believe it. If you say this and you know you're lying in public, that is directly undermining your defence in the investigation conducted against you, so I'll leave this here.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR59rpbM/)  

Again, some of these small pieces that you pick up by trolling through, support putting pressure on other network contacts who are, very much referenced in the files as being in contact of or have mutual contact with the late Jeffrey Epstein.  

I feel like something we all need to be very aware of as well, is that the police do not have unlimited powers of arrest to do whatever they want just because they feel like it.  

Because you can sue for failure to comply with the police and criminal evidence act, and because these men are obviously going to have legal representation if that were to happen, police would need to have adequate grounds under that act in order to arrest. We talk a lot about policing by consent, and in that regard, we have consented to a system which in general terms should seek to use the least amount of force possible in any particular situation, and that extends to investigations and detention, because detention would deprive an individual of liberty, even if for a short period of time.  

There has been a very strange attitude in the last few years, that has been noticed by various different groups in terms of political activism, but also has been seen more generally, in that there are times where it looks a lot like there is a bit of a problem with compliance with the police and criminal evidence act, however, we don't have any report or enquiry which would show this being a systemic issue, this is just anecdotal.  

I personally never in my life thought I would be defending this man, but on this particular point that is raised, if that is the case and if it is something where there was a flagged concern that doesn't have evidentiary support, it is completely reasonable for someone to raise that concern, because that would affect the risk index which is used under the policing criminal evidence act when it is engaged with as a procedural tool in police forces.  

If a police force genuinely thought it had evidently support, and there was not actually any evidentiary support, then that points to an upstream issue of intelligence; I am not going to speculate on those sources, if this is the journalistic story that different people want to follow, but again all of this gives good reason to be sceptical of and bringing scrutiny to anyone else who was or is in that network.  

At this point, it's not even necessary to go after the biggest fish to fry, as much as it is to put pressure across a network; obviously where that is interfering with a police investigation that would be unhelpful, but there are different ways and different information request that can be made of different government departments, we don't even necessarily need to talk about this arrest specifically, but do raise questions and raise scrutiny and improve transparency around the impact that this network may have on the UK.  

In a democracy, this shouldn't be this difficult, and frankly there are a lot of British people in those files, and Epstein did live here for many years.  

One of the roles of the defence in this country, it's to comment on the appropriateness of the actions that were taken, and the reason that we should be very mindful of this, is because it can seriously harm the prosecution if it is found at a later point, that the prosecution was not lawful; if what we want is justice for the survivors of Epstein's network, we do have to think about these things and take these things seriously, even if it turns out there's no grounds for them, but this is just to clarify that this would be an incredibly bold thing to state, if there is no rationale to believe that there had been incorrect information given.  

this is actually the grounding for why we're supposed to always be able to have a public presence in the gallery at Court rooms, in this country. There was always this idea that justice will be more thorough and transparent if it is delivered in front of an audience of random people from the town or the village or the city.  In the same way, even if journalist asked the police questions and then get a raise standard response about an ongoing investigation, the fact that that shows up as being something that gets recorded and documented for a constabulary, adds to awareness on cases that there is oversight happening in a democratic manner, consistent with democratic norms.  

Equally, if news outlets are actually are being asked not to cover these stories, it's not unfair to at the very least file that fact away in your head, and plan accordingly; it's not always necessary to write direct stories in situations where any form of press suppression may exist, in order to advance and increase pressure on an antidemocratic force.  

---

[This is very interesting point, because the Royal family would've had access to a number of situations and scenarios where young people were present, and whilst this would be under the umbrella of the police investigation presumably, there is a bit of a question of whether or not there was appropriate safeguarding in those scenarios due to the years in which this would've occurred over.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR59U75K/)  

I feel like Savile was air cadets only(?, I genuinely can't remember, and I'm not in the headspace to look it up), but this again brings us to something that we know about all of our institutions in the UK, is that we do not have yet a robust-enough safeguarding culture, and while there are very good people and very good examples of good practice, there are also examples of absolutely tragic failures to safeguard the most vulnerable. we were improving and we were on track, prior to one of the most destructive legal instruments being introduced, which essentially made it impossible to put any of the practices or provisions recommended by the various enquiries into grooming, into practice. This legislation prioritised surveillance of young people, and ultimately practices which are arguably predictive policing, of young people, rather than safeguarding them. It's very difficult to look at those instruments and really imagine that that came from a place of understanding young people or putting their needs first, it looked a lot more like a product of a lobby. Whilst this may not be the case, this is how bizarre the legal tool was, and it remains in place today. We never really have this conversation openly at a parliamentary level, or the mainstream media level, but we can't have the level of surveillance that we have, and not expect there to be abusive power and abusive process within safeguarding systems.  

---

[Having a problem with both PSED and public sector pensions does sort of point to a very interesting potential source for donations.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR59TFEH/)  

These policy suggestions would disproportionally protect one interest group in particular.  

Do your base know?  

Istg 99% of the people propping up that deregulated market are not even Jewish.  

We just exist to take blowback when you need a secondry scapegoat group istg.  

---
