Given the number of people who were international pride and relations who are impact files, and two investigations into serious misconduct in public office, does anyone like to ask the question about whether or not part of Britain's power is provision of humans as resource? It's not like we haven't done this before. It's not as other countries don't do it more often than we do.  

[This has the capacity to impact the defence sector on an international basis, particularly in terms of whether or not there was appropriate action taken when wrongdoing was known.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEGNbF/)  

This is why we need to stop having carveouts for national security, Royal Family, or counterterrorism.  

We can't keep putting in key infrastructure carve outs, we can't keep carving out something that people can hide behind.  

Every time we carve out law, what we are doing is admitting to ourselves that we know that there is something going on that we wouldn't want the public to know about.  

Whether that's a minor embarrassment, or it's an international trade which is grossly illegal, it doesn't matter.  
As long as the harm continues, the public is still going to feel it, they just won't necessarily have the words to put to the issue, but they'll still be angry.  

If you really want the British public to not be angry, we probably need to stay away from things like modern slavery and human trafficking.  


🦎

---

So is the reason that you don't like him, and probably set up the whistleblowing, because he has opinions like, "maybe the Middle East should decide his own future"?  

Or is it genuinely just because he can write for more than one sentence and actually sounds like he knows anything at all?  

(Respectfully, it's not hard to be more knowledgable or more intelligent or more interesting than you.)  

I think it's been very clear that you are a rote learner, and it literally goes in one ear and out the other, just stays in long enough for the exam.  

There's very little depth of understanding.  

---

[Why are you so bothered about the search being conducted at that property?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEo8dM/)  

Do we need to watch *every* single video?  

What is it that concerns you?  

It is not possible to carve out "privacy", when there is a criminal investigation ongoing.  

& yes, they are looking at documents and devices, but they're also putting police in a place where if they do see anything that's obviously immoral or illegal, depending on what they find, that may be included as part of the investigation.  

To use the classical example that we all usually use, if the police stumbled on a load of weed or cocaine, they don't need to just leave it there.  

That's not to say that any of that actually existed at that property, it's just to say that if it did, it would be picked up. Because of the amount of gifts that you can get from being a trade envoy, it wouldn't be completely irrational to be taking actual goods as well.  

[I mean the answer to this whole discussion about the Epstein files and what they were up to, is that they were up to crimes against humanity, and being disgusting.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPE7Ajv/)  

Whenever I hear discussion about this, it's not that hard to look at regiemes even in the last hundred years, pick out so many of the things that other regimes have done, and look at this and go, "yeah, that tracks".  

These people are obsessed with control, obsessed with having access to children and young women and young boys, and were and are willing to leverage huge amount amounts of power for their own selfish goals.  

The only thing that is complicated about this, is the difficulty of getting them tried and convicted now, but a really good way to start that would be to fulfil the US law that requires full disclosure of the files.  
Bear in mind that these are the same people who have done the most to undermine and erode international humanitarian law, and undermine the ICJ.  

They understood that they could go to the Hague.  

When I was first trying to push this past regional level, because regional had failed, something that was really notable was that however this network interact with my data, they were incredibly scared of two entities only: the Royal Household and the ICC.  
I'm going to clarify now that they were not scared of any other government or professional body, although had some mild discomfort at the ICO.  

This does mean that they were not scared of the Cabinet or the Prime Minister.  

Not then, anyway. Not at that point. Things seem a lot more squirmy, now.  

[This could be part of the reason why.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPE3BVE/)  

---

[Thiel getting the scrutiny he deserves, is not unwelcome.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEgcAw/)  

I appreciate that focusing on women and children in the Epstein files, but it's not completely ridiculous to question that if that market was there, that wouldn't there also be a market for young boys, and I appreciate that something that we are all deeply uncomfortable with, but we see it in institutional abuse so why wouldn't it have a modern day equivalent?  

It is as unacceptable to rape boys as it is unacceptable to rape girls, and is unacceptable to rape men as it is to rape women. This should be recognised accrodingly.  

It is the act of violence that I have a problem with.  

The idea that all of this technology and surveillance industry exists, but we can't solve missing persons cases and we can't protect people? It doesn't really add up.  

---

[Given how the parent company operates, this is not a small series of acts to take, and it is proof that even at a high level you can refuse to work with these people.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEKtgB/)  

This doesn't mean that the supply chain is perfect in every way, but it does mean that there were certain red lines put up, and that even at the high-level it was possible to avoid this person.  

---

[Just before a by-election?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEWXwA/)  

[Don't worry the antifascists have got this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEVsr7/)  

One of my favourite things about watching this whole charade, if you can say that there is a favourite thing in watching the alt right attempt to gain power...  

Matt Goodwin clearly thought that he could rise a power on the basis of his knowledge of the alt right through history, but unfortunately the man has all the personality of a slightly damp sock they got stuck to the peeling wallpaper at the back of a radiator, so it's not going exactly as intended.  
[We are very interested in this apparently, in our little centroid.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPE4JyE/)  

It does appear that GMP have made a really interesting decision in terms of how to put up that line of officers.  

Not equipping with shields and having visors up, is already interesting security stance, which is attempting to give some protection, without completely rolling out deescalation.  

(When you've got shields and batons, you've ruled out the escalation.)  

Given the historic positioning of GMP, this is actually a really interesting operational change.  

As the antifascists are usually a collection of all of the "too woke", "lefty" groups, and given the previous prevalence of alternatives to standard conservative politics and policing, just because you will see that after austerity and in a profession that tends to lend itself to respect respect for a system of authority, it's incredibly interesting that therapy is to be a less aggressive physical stance by the police.  

This is interesting because it's suggests that synthesis of intelligence has changed.  

And Greater Manchester tend to be quite Metropolitan Police-like in their stance.  

The fact that this is timed with the investigations into serious misconduct in public office, should probably put our brain cells into gear on who might have been advocating for the proscription of a particular group.  

(And therefore, what was so interesting that was at those factories, that would allow an escalated callout response? Or: who had investments, who owed favours?)  

Especially seeing as, given the loyalty that will tend to run between policing and protection of veterans, having to police that, would have required a significant amount of "additional information" which appeared to support that proscription and actually have it been enforced that aggressively.  

This is a significant change in who is being given weight to their knowledge provision and information sharing.  

It's subtle, perhaps, but this is huge.  

I am not unaware of how this changes the interpretation of my own arrest; the line of questioning was very peculiar.  

It is interesting, how much can be put across in very simple for FOIA requests.  

Personally, I can't wait to hear what I was apparently conspiring to do.  

I am far too lazy, I feel, for the actual potential suggestions made by our "information" source.  

[I also do understand why policing might do this to auditors, but this is also why the leftists are finding it very difficult to take central evidence seriously, given at a command level to parliamentary subcommittee seriously, on the issue.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEoYXn/)  

I can understand the operational differences, and how information moves through hierarchy, but this is why it feels hypocritical when it becomes a matter of government policy.  

I have come across a number of these people, and they either directly antagonise by harrasing the people they feel they can harass and get away with, or they are very clearly there to conduct privately funded intelligence gathering.  

In that setting, it would be so easy for foreign intelligence to tag along. Leaving the field gate wide open on that one. If you can't work out how that can be instrumentalised against British democracy, start thinking. It's actually not that difficult to do.  

---

Some of you have no idea how a bunch of nonces from Epstein's network would utilise UK academic and industrial strength to cater to their own goals and it shows.  

Some of you have never persued why that access to RAS and AI capabilities would be so dangerous, and I'll let you guess which company's product catalogue hits a 403 for me.  

Some of you have too much respect for these people to be able to imagine how grim men can be with access to money, power, and secrecy.  

We're talking about the gender that made the plotline of American Pie believable.  

---

[Is this Manchester or did they do something coordinated across a few different cities?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEWwb7/)  

It looks some more likely that it's Northeast, not Northwest. (Not just on accent because people travel, it's the buildings, and the account specifically uses a lot of footage from Newcastle.)  

I have a lot to say about how that has been captured, but also about this baton placement. this seems very normalised across a few different forces now, which given there's been a death of that white chap in London a little while ago, is pretty nuts.  

But instead of actually employing more police so that they can be an adequate presence on the ground, what the government would rather we do is that we spend the entire budget on AI.  

Paradoxically, if you're going to police, by having a healthier number of officers, you make it far less likely that those officers will have to use physical force, you make it far less necessary that they will just in a stress situation hit adrenaline levels, which mean that they react in the moment, and you allow for far healthier and far more effective policing operationally.  

There plenty of police officers who know this very very well, and there are plenty of police officers who would absolutely prefer situations which rely less on physical strength.  

This is if I ever senior decision about budgeting, and the police are not in a position where they can easily lobby for more money for officers, they are just in a position where they keep getting given more shiny toys.  

Shiny toys are very cool, however unfortunately whilst that creates the conflict of interest problem, something that is even nicer than shiny toys is not having a broken back.  

Body armour is extremely heavy, and it is unreasonable to expect police officers to do the shift that they do, have a home life with any children, and also go to the gym. If you want better policing, you reduce their hours.  

There's a lot of things that would very easily very quickly completely transformed the policing service in this country and the experience people have, the problem with it is that it would take more of the profit making capacity your way from external bodies. It would not give as much leverage to private companies. It would be nicer and less divisive for the communities which are policed.  

When someone tells you that they really care about law and order, and they seem really scared about anarchy, but they support a situation which leaves police officers in a difficult position, where they are more likely to police in a more aggressive manner, what they care about is not law and order. It's bank.  

Mfs like 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑  

There is overlap between that and private healthcare and private physio, and for that reason we should be incredibly sceptical about how they managed to separate out their very obvious incentive to have police officers injured in ways that require later care provision. This conflict of interest also exists between defence, and we see a very unpleasant manner in which veterans, most horrifically where they have been amputations from IEDs exposure, become essentially a source of research material for companies later down the line. When you actually see how these private businesses work, and how they cycle through people, they almost treat us as if we are a raw material or product with a life-cycle, and it is really quite disturbing.  

This is not about researchers having two interests, this is often done fairly directly using research that is protected under crown provisions and secrecy law, in order to inform battlefield technology.  

This ultimately means that it's only of interest to continue anything that gives you something related down the line, and for that reason, trauma is just not looked after anymore, unless you can get information that would be useful to tell a company about how to psychologically injure other people later down the line.  

I'm not banning anybody from shiny toys because shiny toys, my concern is things that are harm-producing, and sneaking them in because they are shiny toys.  

---

[Does the Trump regime understand and recognise that we all know that Greenland is able to take care of itself?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPEvVEr/)  

This is propaganda done for his supporters because his base is asking why the fuck he hasn't managed to get tariffs in because they all wanted that, and why hasn't fixed the deep state paedophile child sex ring that he said he was gonna fix because they wanted that.  

We had pizzagate for this.  

Release the fucking files, bro.  

---

[Britain gradually going back to its usual priorities after 10 years of weird political capture.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPodK6C/)  

---

[One of the most key and important subject access requests is due back tomorrow, so I'm treating my surveillant audience accordingly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPoaX4b/)  

Even if they choose to send no response at all, this puts them in a six month overdue period, which makes it affordable at several different levels, and drastically increases the legal risk to anyone who decides not to engage.  

Which is fine, I'm happy for you to give me a bigger payout.  

(Ngl would quite like to know where I stand tbh.)  

Two of the more fun things that I've done, during this entire period:  

- When I went through a period of getting a lot of Hebrew and Israeli specific content, indicating that this may be who is in close contact with me, I would play songs like "Close Every Door" on loop (feat lines such as, "children of Israel are never alone")  
- If I find the nuisance activity particularly annoying, one of my favourite things was to announce that I'm going to sing badly and out of tune (even more than usual), because it doesn't matter if it's no one at all and I'm ready just singing to myself, but on the off chance that anyone *was* listening, well... they shouldn't be listening anyway so it's really their problem if they don't like it.

My particular flavour of revenge has always been a niche and acquired taste.  

[Personally, I think some of you deserve this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRPoUuAg/)  

["My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me"](https://youtu.be/gpDbvlAI_A0?si=nWG8IHdtQbWYlSqn)  

Bisous x

---

The story about criminal murder of livestock, in these attacks on the farmers animals, and the story about people training dangerous dogs at scale, these do all tie to city politics and concerns as well, and so this is a really good example of where legislation could improve things across the board.  

Let's see if they all manage it themselves. Westminster can have a little scratch of the old heads on that one.  

Think of it in terms of cycles of violence, and how you get things done when you're doing things illegally.  

(This is also very useful investigation into not just how well command understands the frontline, but also shows informal communication channels which may not be clear otherwise, and also who has been put into post because they won't rock the boat. It's very County Lines-esque, with a bit of alt right twang, that doesn't necessarily have to be attached those particular networks.)  

People wonder why I'm like this, and if you look at the adults like grew up around, I can't understand why it's such a mystery. It wasn't just police. arguably, I was living in some sort of MDT which shared space with a local intellectuals, some engineers, and people who worked with their hands cause they were good with their hands, and people who worked with their social skills as their primary skill because that's what they were fucking good at. I don't know why I am a surprise to you. Other than your research was poor, and you are arrogant enough to believe that I am stupid because I am a pleb.  

Because of something that appears to be leaking in the data currently: how is being nice being a master manipulator? If you literally think that people being polite is them trying to screw you out of something, that tells you about your own mental perspective. It also somewhat suggests that you seem to think it's okay, and even endearing, to be screwed over by rich guys, just because they're rich and/or well-known. Can confirm getting screwed over is still really shit, and I would've strongly preferred that this didn't happen, but now that it has I already would just like a lawyer and basic levels of legal protection.  

---

Something that sticks out from the Epstein network, is that Epstein himself was no longer useful from an intel asset POV; if his money was facilitated by his uses in kompromat farming, it would be in the interests of other parties to move on and transfer to new hands.  

I hate all of this, but we ought to be mightful; he died just before the age of deepfakes and digital clones and data-driven honeypots.  

Doesn't mean he was killed by someone else or any other theory. Just means he wasn't necessarily worth helping or saving. He had become too complicated.  
These people think of each other as objects, too; it's all very urgh in tone.  

---

["Hand in hand, is the only way to land."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR58FAfk/)  

---

[Seeing as this is what centroid is bringing up, I would like to point out that I had 12 hours, not 11.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR58kvj1/) this is not unusual in our current system; welcome to what it is to lose your "white" privilege for a short period of time - this is probably as close to that experience as it is possible to get a white person.  

Then understand that some people are more likely to go through that experience, not because of who they are fundamentally as a person, or what they've done for their country, just because of the decision informed by a racist bias in someone else based on what they look like.  

It really gets you thinking about the world.  

---

[I'm pre-emptively warning the news media that I do not want to hear any slagging off of people who are coming forward with a story at this time, because it is still high risk to do so.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR58AHwM/)  
Given how these men have altered my algorithmic importance artificially, bear in mind that I will openly slag you off if you do it.  

And if you don't believe me about my algorithmic influence, you will find out.  

It wasn't my idea; I now have a dragnet of nonces and rapists. Not my idea of a holiday.  

I will go 10 levels of Artemis if I even hear so much as a peep.  

& I have a SAR return tomorrow which is very high risk for being contentious, so it won't take a lot.  

---
