[I didn't think a lot of people understand how watching three years of back to back vicarious trauma screen directly in front of your face really changed a lot of voters.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRae7sfK/)  

I appreciate it's been a huge effort to try and bring more people out of the algorithmic placement now, but I honestly wouldn't expect to have to watch something the Holocaust happen screened directly to my phone, be confronted with it whenever I go online, told her I can't talk about it, and then expect to vote for a party that was okay with that being my experience in my own country.  

I'm not at home secretary's biggest fan, but I don't think enough people in mainstream policy are really understanding the reality of what a lot of of us sat through; our digital experience with entirely different to yours, and if you honestly can't see how that would make a difference to someone's well-being or how they would vote, I'm not really sure if this is something that can be caught up on. This isn't something which needs to be understood an intellectual level only, it needs to be understood on an emotional level. If the parties People drifted away from a really serious about regaining their ground, I'm sure that's probably the same kind of experience that's being felt for people who voted perhaps differently and I would when they feel dissaffected. Managing a political policy is not exactly the same as putting out different players for a different match, and it just feels sometimes that's what we're watching from whoever is doing the very central organising of seats, here.  
The problem will essentially not be solved for as long as the centrist part the labour party and the commentators around it, refused to recognise that for some people the labour party does not look like a workers party anymore and it does not look like a progressive party or a leftist party anymore; this may not be your personal experience, but the experience of many people is that it's not that anymore. This is one of those things that happens when you start taking larger cash donations, and as a managerial move that's neither good or bad, but that does need to be some honesty about it, and it needs to be some management of expectations. You can't realistically take money from donor, consistently make policy for donor only, and then wonder why the workers are not voting for you. It's just not really that sensible.  
it's quite interesting man to see leftist parties People bought up as the reason that labour lost votes, on previous to this labour has been consistently positioning itself as needing to win back reform voters. It's just quite confusing, and I'm not sure if that's because different approaches are being tried, especially with the turnover of who's being involved, but from work as this is not a party that they can necessarily go to in the same way that they used to. It feels like "workers party but with significant compromises for the bosses", and for a lot of people who always voted labour, because of the reasons they all voted labour, that doesn't sit right emotionally.  

The issue of visas is not unrelated to how we treat people internationally, and our potential complicity in war crimes; this did not start under the starmer government, it started really under the blair government. If you're going to make a party that focuses more on donors, that's absolutely fine, but you can't expect to count on the same loyal support of the workers as you would've had previously.  

Labour needs to decide what it is.  

[We do know who you are most likely have taken donations or gifts in kind from. It is blaringly obvious.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaeTKww/)  

on the matter of international humanitarian law, both the two parties of traditional politics have lost Lotus from this; if neither of you are picking it up on analytics, it's because the analytics are not reflecting it. Unfortunately, when a lot of those same companies have a vested interest in keeping that deregulated economy present, in particular as an industry, that is going to surface on algorithms whether you like it or not. Again, this is a data infrastructure issue, it's just how the data exists in the theoretical space that it's in; it is incredibly difficult to program out something but the system analysing the data will recognise as a pattern of reality, and this error will become greater than more advanced the system is, and the greater its capacity for data analysis.  

[An overview of what the average leftist is voting to avoid, and why the Greens winning is A Good Thing Actually, as long as you are antifascist.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaNpDB4/)  

---

As #QuitGPT goes viral, essentially because most people react with dusguist and anger to other guman beings being harmed, the need to review our relationships with AI, big tech, and technofeudalism entrench further.  

Goldman Sachs has also given a fairly damning indictment, if what you're looking for is a growth economy. You're looking for Jan Hatzuis; whilst you could say this is implementation costs, these are all components which are exponentially increasing in price due to data centres, infrastructure is being made not on the best model as discussed yesterday (vodka would obviously be better), and there isn't currently guarantee on return for GDP. this is whilst the public is opting out, as well as seeing at scale the drawbacks of using these products, especially without human override or QC. That's in the country that is trying to get one of their favourites to allow for the commission of war crimes automatically - it's not working on that model of economy, foreign policy, or domestic policy.  

---

[Good news: I am going to be intolerable today.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/cp8rjk02r0jt)  

This is being written up as the future of potentially being so unstable, and I understand that that's the markets take, and that would be your take if you're looking primarily at a private portfolio. However, the local people in a constituency where there is palpable exhaustion, when they have felt the effects every year since the crash, and so many people are in survival mode (although it is true, half of the constituency has a highest standard of living; not everyone in every area is all in the same boat), just made a Democratic choice to choose something other than their problems being solved primarily through hatred, and they chose a politician with a hopeful but realistic message.  

This is not a bad thing.  

(Is it hilarious that a place with a regional accent and without a bunch of Oxford in Cambridge degrees, made the sensible choice early? I don't not love this.)  

The reason why this party and this candidate won, are less to do with the reasons that a lot of people would like politics to succeed on, but instead this election win was the result of proper planning, enthusiastic execution, and the hard work of people and all sorts of walks of life when it came down to it.  

In essence, the result of the election had a lot more to do with resonating with how people on the ground felt, and with who they fundamentally were, and by promising them something better, than it had to do about any amount of capital spend, budget, or shiny suit.  

And now, Hannah Spencer gets four years to impress them or be strongly contested - that's how this works.  

If you talk about young people and about the poor having drive and having ambition, you cannot do anything but applauded this win, because this was some very ordinary people in a very ordinary area choosing a candidate who they felt really represented them, who again it's hard-working, professional, but also relatable.  

Performative authenticity started to decline in value in online content a couple of years ago, so respectfully, politics did have a good few years had to start to be able to plan around that.  

(I am so smug about everything in this win; again, I will be absolutely intolerable.)  

I haven't looked at the numbers breakdowns yet, but we also need to be very clear that the left as a whole, outside the more commercial party which is seen as a party of the left, were prepared to have a united front and take down candidates and endorse another party's candidate. This is difficult to expect from independent candidates due to the costing involved, but for parties this was still a really big move and hasn't really been done before at the scale in British politics, but this really did reflect the mood of the country, which you can see from the number of tactical choice voting websites.  

Labour got in to the situation that was today, in pot because it promised things like reviewing PR system voting. It was going to potentially review looking at the system of the Lords, and what that can mean if it doesn't work out or is misused.  

It is not that there is not a purpose to having a century party, but we need to start deciding what this red party is, and what it's about; it will make it a lot easier to vote on.  

Although you might need to fight Ed Davy and I'm not sure I'd take him. There's something about the general aura that calms you down before you're even close.  

We're probably going to spend a day of the news absolutely panicking about the greens winning, in chief because it is concerning to those who base market decisions on political results, and this is a change that they are not used to. This was a change that was a long time coming, and it is absolutely explainable on the issues which have been impacted the general public in the last 5 to 10 years.  

This result is also testament that humans are also a little bit better than "AI", both in terms of planning and feeling to the general mood.  

An algorithm is only as good as it has been coded to be, and as good as the infrastructure is built within will allow. Apparently, the people on the ground were better, and outperformed it.  

Even the bookies are gonna be paying out today, mate.  

---

"I think the progressives were told how to vote, and I think what you saw was a coalition of Islamists and woke progressives that came together to dominate a constituency." [I'm going to leave you with a clip I saw yesterday](https://youtube.com/shorts/KVBJklaTTrs?si=i-pFdK59s9J_pWzZ); that's probably about as much time I want to spend talking about that man. The comment section is good though on that video.  

---

[Now that we have an antifascist win, I will probably be focusing on how exactly the US is trying to start World War 3 rather than just surrendering their commander in chief to legal scrutiny, today.](https://youtu.be/6AgtR8-OMDo?si=2uNiDF4-h6z4_qrG)  

It's a nice little reminder of what voting for more progressive parties is really seeking to achieve, because we don't want to add to this mix of.. whatever this is.  

---

Today also has a double win for freedom expression in particular to defending the Geneva conventions particularly around Palestinian right to life: [re UKLFI](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/uk-lawyers-israel-labelled-major-actor-repression-against-palestine-solidarity-new-report); [re Betar USA](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/palestinian-activist-sues-betar-usa-violation-civil-rights).  
These are both groups which have already had some form of complaint whether that be legal or regulatory. The ICJ orders regarding the prevention of genocide in respect of the Palestinian people are active, they are live, and we all are duty bound to fulfil those obligations, this works at an individual level, an organisational level, and a state level. These conventions came into force after 1945 and they are designed to prevent further atrocities. Within the UK certainly, there is also domestic legislation which further enforces compliance with ICJ orders where they are issued. Respect in the rate of people not to be bombed into oblivion is not a radical position; this was a perfectly normal political position to take post-1945.  

---

[Never mind lying to Parliament, the representative house of democracy, what about lying to GB news?!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRaRjUD6/)  

I know I shouldn't be laughing, but it was just the way it was said; I am aware that I am not the audience that they may have in mind.  

I'm still very confused why we never arrested Tony Blair. The man is like Teflon.  

---

It's taken me only a few minutes to see that actually, the alt right appears to have engaged in either the most synchronised man period, or they have coordinated, because I can now see three separate claims which insist fraud of some description, and the target is not one person on what they perceive the left to be. There are several targets, some who are unlikely to work together. This is something from the playbook of some very specific types of lawyers. This is an attempt to burn out resistance and energy in progressive spaces.  

Meet it accordingly.  

Today we have Kier Starmer, the Green Party (they seem unable to tell that these are multiple people rather than just "a rabble"), and Sadiq Khan all named in some sort of social media posts about their professional and financial conduct.  

This is a company by the same kind of hierarchy based insults or dog whistles you would assume (to stated clearly, yes, as usual Sadiq Khan is being called a rat for just existing as a Muslim; racist to have literally just copied and pasted their racism from different groups, it's not very IHRA of them).  

There is an argument for not giving this too much extra air if it doesn't have that already, but these are already resembling what we've seen is coordinated sock attacks on matters of UK domestic politics, and UK foreign policy; these don't even need to originate from a political party in the UK, even though some do, but they are all coordinated to undermine a selection of individuals that are seen as being closely politically affiliated. something we can notice is that this is split between two camps, you are unlikely to work together if they know that it's coordinated. It is worth bearing in mind from a national security point of view, because ultimately this is how democracy can be challenged in an information age.  

---

tldr: I've tried to communicate a data issue which appears to be multisystems, I'm getting the very narrow re responses which say where there isn't data held, and I'm returning emails to make sure that I understand the legal position of each government department. I don't actually have final confirmation that this is actually being looked into, but I can also understand why you might not do that at this stage, and so I am living in this legal limbo which means that it looks like someone is checking if there is a multisystems problem (I would assume that everyone at least wants to get rid of me at this point from the email inboxes), but I actually don't have any confirmation. Noting for the future, this is a shortcoming of the way in which our system is set up, because a huge number of trauma survivors are not fantastic at being able to just accept limbo, and that is pretty inherent to surviving trauma. That is just accepting that uncertainty was not useful at preventing harm in a way that was substantial and should be taken on board as a risk calculus.  

I am aware that the people who are answering emails are just doing so in a very bureaucratic way, and they are just doing their job. I understand it is not supposed to be upsetting. At this point, we're looking more at the fact that this has gone on for multiple years, and so anything can feel quite disheartening. I also had to sit through a load of shit on social media that was trying to indicate that I was going to get some big bit of information, but even if you ignore it just kind of ends up being in your brain somewhere, so I appreciate that that is a thing too. I have been considering this week whether or not I just want to cut out any algorithmically placed content; whilst it has its uses, it's currently more harmful than it is useful. Back to self directed study.  

It is not un ridiculous to me, that I'm essentially in a little bubble with people who write policy for a living, and with people who direct politics (all of my feed is currently either regarding the by-election or it's about examples of SEN provision), yet apparently it is completely beyond them to solve what should have always been one email. What really strikes me is that I'm essentially just asking for a piece of information that either resolves the security issue, or a name of who is misusing my identity/data, which would allow me to get any of the protections we have for this scenario.  
I don't know what or who is being danced around, but it does give the impression that there's an undisclosed elephant, from multiple responses. Do we even have anyone or anything that important here?  

---

Do you know what does make me laugh though?  

[All the alt right men are still so pressed about one random blonde Jewess who doesn't rate them. It's too funny.](./IMG_9187.png)  

It's just political hypermasculinity; there is no logic involved.  

---

I am recovering from the email of urgh; this is an underdiscussed piece which can be part of survivorship. Snything in the spectrum of trauma survivor experience, like grief, like neurodiversity, can be part of someone's story or simply not apply for them; none of this is linear.  

I hate corrospondance.  

This can surprise the parties who I end up in what look like email wars with, but it is true. I like personal letters and cards, but I absolutely loathe dealing with emails. Every response for SAR/FOI purposes, therefore, is an energy sink, and 50/50 can trip the fusebox for hours. I have ways I manage this - as do most peoplecwho experience this. It's why even very innocent responses can feel very heavy, especially if there's been weeks, it's minimal, and things are missing. No one really teaches the unspoken rules of business letters, either, so it is often a bit of a puzzle, especially as whatever this particular SAR trail is working around is something elephant-shaped in the middle. It could just be an empty space which looks elephant-shaped, but it has stalled out processes and made dara insecure, so maybe actual elephant.  

I don't know what the best language is to describe my own response to these emails, but even if I don't have an obvious emotional response, it's like been given too much codeine or old antihistimine again and again; you're not going to sleep necessarily, but you are going to be in a stupor.  

Different people have different responses, and a lit of people, whether survivors or closely impacted, are finding this very heavy.  

---
