iphone temp out of commission:  

- using chatbot to develop sources around british museum story;
    - because my concern is that some "advocacy" groups have openly pushed a historical narrative grossly inconsistent with the historical record since 2023, and the militry censor is still in play, and does still impact the diaspora;
- uk is a liberal democracy, bm is seen as legitimised space of dialogue;
- recent changes to naming of ancient palestine;
- this undermines 2ss;
- lost chatbot: "unusual activity from your device";
- refreshing/restart attempted, "memory full";
- storage known as high, but inconsistent if "full" with use re prev use;
- recent screenshots of error codes have been deleted without user input (prior to any memory warning, had been screenshotted successfully);
- now cannot open either browser.

- does not improve with vpn, not protected by vpn.

- normal island behaviour amirite

- actor not known.  

---

impact: as this happens contextually to the research, whilst this is not prood of any party, it evokes an emotional reaction around this. honestly this could be something unconnected.  

immediate snap reaction in html comments to differentiate.  

<!--but the white men will still be out here lecturing my "need" to have "a homeland" for "my people".  

bruv i'm from here why you kicking me out.-->  

wider context: internet unusually stalling since files releast yesterday by gov.  
freq difficulty and large deletions whilst creating "visible ink".  

i don't actually know if there is something specific i'm doing wrong, and contact with "relevant signposting/safety net" does not yield appropriate guideance.  
internet searches frequently "hemmed in", so not always able to find gov.uk guideance from own network. further difficulties when try to diverge to others.  

---

tiktok firced its own reset again. diff algorithmic placement but still not "natural" from user input.  

needed total phone reset, after deleting old media for storage management, and after, first tiktok vids (bc easy way to view algorithmic placement):  
- bbc news israel puts flag on someone else's castle, v 1967 memrobelua;
- ad for niche chinese robotics co;
- white house edit;

and then evri for someone else (evri is full of weird timings).  

---

i feel maybe the men need to know that not being told how to change your face, look thinner, shown cute baby animals, or being told how to girlboss it in life, whilst also getting fertility tablets pushed in your face?  

there is a reason i keep saying it feels like im on boy internet.  

<!-- if this is because someone didn't appreciate that daddy.gov.il joke? i maintain that it was a funny joke. -->

---
