[All of this would be such a shame; please, punish us harder.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTv2mA9/)  

---

Honestly, I can't wait until [both the Met and Palantir UK](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTcBwfs/) are forced into audit trail disclosure, in seeking legal action against MOPAC.  

[This is a hilarious self-own.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTcYhoq/)  

I'm so glad that the commitment to making *The Thick Of It* universe happen irl did not start and end with the Johnson-Cummings Cabinet. Wonderful dedication to the bit in Whitehall.  


---

The prescription saga continues, telecoms with these providers between each other are impacted. This is a middleware problem within the NHS Federated data estate.  

I am currently withdrawing from the ceiling dose of an SNRI, and do not have coverage of a ceiling dose of beta blockers, despite long-term adaptation to that dose.  

The last time this happened to this badly, was after police officers asked for my political views, which would make absolutely no sense in the context of the detention.  

If this is a downstream impact of someone's counterterrorism program, can I please ask that you rectify it immediately, otherwise we're going to be billing the NHS for an emergency.  

I am unable to tolerate the heat given my fatty, my usual medication, and the amount of time that I've had that with medication witheld.  

This is beyond the scope of any domestic counterterrorism legislation, and it is not lawful, please can I ask that this is ruled out as a potential cause.  

I am extremely aware of how at at least one of the middle where suppliers keeps tabs on my social media profiles, I am asking you to fix your problem.  

The user interface at each end of the supply line in this case, choose two different scenarios, and so neither the prescriber nor the dispenser has the same legal scenario in front of them, as the other has.  

I am unwilling to have this blamed on clinical staff, when it is clearly a middleware issue.  

If this is through external action, please can I ask that that is dealt with appropriately.  

---
