[Who is this G.O.A.T.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3pbYeB/) 

No: this is still not angry enough, for what they want to take away.  

They are proposing we go back to a time when women died regularly, as the result of male violence and the result of the lack of male accountability.  

The real problem is not even the men who want our bodies for a sex toy, the real problem, the real core of the issue, is the man who see us as a generic population, to reproduce more factory workers, and see our deaths and our children's pain, as acceptable collateral to their exploitation of our surplus value.  

(Peter, if you'd like to have a truly interesting dialogue, I'm here, babes.)  

---

[Now that we are admitting to plurality...]()  

I am asking the British government to release media reporting restrictions on the student encampments court cases, in respect to my statement.  

If the pro-Zionist Jews were taken so seriously, show the public how antisemitic my statement was.  

Show what both the conservative and labour governments, or certainly whoever was delegated with this role, allowed to drive the degree of institutionally approved intimidation towards me.  

Show what was acceptable, to do to a Jewish woman with a rape and trauma history, in what was apparently the British interest. Prove by showing the statement publicly, that I am the terrorist that you legally would have to claim that I am.  

That is where whoever put that graffiti on my house would have gotten my address, and it was an address that ended up in a police database in the exact styling. Show why it was necessary to try and pick me up for something else in order to get Me to talk about what you will believed was a secret terrace against a private company in this country.  

Because what? I found out somebody was protesting and somewhat involved, I found out they were arrested in my hometown, and I asked them if they had enough warm clothing, and does anybody need us to bulk by warm socks so that they can get through custody in a place where it is just quite cold in the winter?  

The organisation wasn't prescribed at the time. There was a legal case history of people doing similar actions to what they proposed, who are not treated as terrorist under terrorism law, despite speaking openly about what they did. How was I supposed to know, that anyone was going to survey my phone, presumably on my basis as a Jewish woman, or through an automated large run program, and start looking for ways to shut me up?  

Release my statement. Prove that the conservative government had every right to do what they did in respect to silencing the encampments. Show that this was necessary under UK law.  

Show the legal advice that the UK government relied upon in order to do this, at a time when they are active ICJ orders which require required me as a Jewish doctor in training, to do what I did, which was to support people, in a manner consistent with the medical oath.  

Show the statement, if you think I should've lost so much over it.  

Show the statement if you felt like that was worth going to the extent, the which ever parts of the state apparatus and which ever subcontracted parties, took the entire endeavour.  

Prove that you actually respect Jewish women, as the British government claimed it was doing this for the sanctity of my cunt – prove that you really respect Jewish people as full British citizens, as full human humans within your society, and didn't simply just sexualise us to become object objects in the course of consenting to a profit-drive during war.  

Given that the man who became Foreign Secretary was already known for lobbying during the, *checks notes*, funeral of the Consort of the Queen...  

Release my statement and prove that I was a legitimate risk to you.  

Prove that there is no institutional antisemitism within the Conservative Party.  

Prove that the UK had any right at all to hold as a host nation, the IHRA presidency, whilst this happened.  

If I see that it is then pinned on the Jewish community as total responsibility for having driven the fear? Who gave the first memo on that? Who consented for it to be the dominant narrative over the course of years in this country, to the detriment of Palestinian people?  

in this entire shard, was either the person, the one individual in this entire drama, who was really the risk to Britainnia?  

I'm also incredibly curious whose idea it was to probe me for political sentiment through the entire thing, as if that is not a form of modern slavery.  

I am only embarrassed that I did not question this entire system even more scrupulously before my own suffering underneath this system.  

Come here, so that my trident may reach you, and you can feel the warm breath of the lion who stands with me.  

---

As a people, we have a long history of itinerant-friendly professions.  

[אֵשֶׁת חַֽיִל מִי יִמְצָא, וְרָחֹק מִפְּנִינִים מִכְרָהּ.
בָּֽטַח בָּהּ לֵב בַּעְלָהּ, וְשָׁלָל לֹא יֶחְסָר.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3sRXwY/)  

Get close enough so that the lion who stands beside me can smell you, David.  

Do you not remember that leaked recording from that meeting?  

Why did the British government take the advice, and go in the direction that it did?  

Why did we threaten the ICC prosecutor?  

How was this in Britannia's interests?  

How is this the sole responsibility of taxpayers, when it goes to Court?  

Close enough, so that the tired lion might hear you.  

Who, precisely, did the Foreign Secretary choose to recommend for deployment, for the student protests?  

Which part of the state apparatus, David, did you decide were appropriate for some students making lentil soup?  

It's all very 1980s.  

Did you know that the originator of my surname, my great patriarch, for alongside yours? We both have coloniser blood in our veins, David. Mine just went to colonise Ireland as well. Yours stayed here, apparently. I wonder who was better with a sword.  

Could I have not just attended their funerals normally, the ones for my grandparents? Although I suppose the importance of shiva might be lost on someone, who was trying to make money from oil when our then king was not yet in the ground.  

Let me know when you need the trianglar hat sewn together, my love.  

---

Honestly? [True story.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3pKx6c/)  

---

If[ you're British, you probably ought to know that [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3pTdJx/) is who the same policy guys who are making lots of money telling us all that we should be involved in this whole conversation about immigration now, have stoked up to terrorise Americans.  

It's exactly the same network; it's embarrassing, the degree of overlap.  

That's why someone, wherever it was, was quite sensible in writing the King's speech to Congress with a good amount of sarcastic humour.  

I would love to know where that little spark of an idea came from. Was it RICU?  

(If we do get anything that's even looks a little bit like this, I think we should start seeing that womderful England football pub song to them.)  

---
