[The Daily Mail article on RICU has been deindexed.](https://youtu.be/GZK8sRILpfA?is=4rIsFgKabUP926k7)  


[How is the safeway stasi today?](https://www.dailymail.com/news/article-15897997/unit-government-police-MI6-agent-racial-tensions.html)  

What are the criteria for RICU hires? What kind of biases have been normalised?  

Because it sort of looks a lot like there are some fairly archaic leanings.  

And a blindness towards the alt and far right in advance.  

"Only *we*, the white people who save you, get to decide how to counter racism."  

Covered by [The Irish Times](https://www.irishnews.com/news/northern-ireland/psni-working-closely-with-secret-propaganda-unit-to-id-race-hate-riot-organisers-UP5SV6JYG5E4PINIOQKRCFRP6M/).  

---

"By way of illustrating his point, in 2023 the unit identified viewing habits which it believed indicate that someone could be susceptible to far-Right views. These included Michael Portillo's Great British Railway Journeys, The Thick Of It and Yes Minister, all on the BBC. Works by Shakespeare, Chaucer and Milton were described as 'key texts' of interest to 'white nationalists/supremacists'."

They are so, so close, and yet...  

...clearly do not understand the internet.  

Turns out I am, in fact, far right.  

[Who knew?](https://youtu.be/IU8SCvKHidI?is=fAZFe5XevNvD2NYB)  

[Very right wing](https://youtu.be/8bE2-ggRxsg?is=RfzgBJL0o2X-lRfe), actually.  

If it must be said, I'm not saying that there is absolutely no room at all to discuss how we do messaging and how we communicate with the general public, and as a pleb myself, I am quite motivated to have good information communication.  

What bothers me is that we tend to do this with quite a lot of fairly limiting biases that, even if you are not bothered about the spread of those as biases, they can act as a sort of way of kneecapping yourself as a country by doing this in this way.  

This is part of the reason why the Russian disinformation campaign for the last 15 or 20 years has been as successful as it has been, why Putin had that hold and still has that hold in a way that we are seeing the recent news today, as well as how riots have been recurrent feature over the last few years.  

I am not doubting for a second, but for the vast major majority of people they are doing this with the absolute best of intentions.  

---

I would like to remind anyone who has either a manual or an automated system which is impacting the ability to save commits, by making it a fail process each time, or we are doing is making sure that I create more commitments and therefore a larger legal risk.  

If this is not intended by any parties that are already implicated, please also notice that this is what and how I have been experiencing it, so it is very possible for other people who are not you, to be impacting my experiences and therefore what I made later report as my experience.  

If this does come from a legitimate source in any part, the problem here is that I'm clearly being harmed at the same time for quite a long time, and as a result, I am also in a position where I can be pushed into a stress cycle which promotes radicalisation, and which makes it more likely that I will have more material that will create more liability to the actual legitimate sources.  

This is what we have allowed by allowing the law in this country to be structured in a way that technically, you can have one individual experiencing extraction or surveillance from multiple parties, and that can be lawful, and no point is there an absolute requirement for any of them to report safeguarding, even if there is criminal surveillance that they can see and observe.  

I am not saying that this is definitely what is happening, although the symptoms are there and have been there for some time, and when I asked my government for assistance at a Cabinet Office level, I was told quite rudely to wake my weight my turn, and whilst the Israeli embassy did not fully reply to me, I did then have to go and explain what was going on in my life because there were some concerns all of a sudden out of the blue that I had psychosis (after having reported worse symptoms and having damage to my house, as well as right wing weirdos outside sitting in cars outside my house).  

The problem with putting the entire burden on the citizen to chase this, is that every time I try and do things that materially move forward they are jammed, I have mentioned my body. I'm not in the best place, and all of my accessibility tools are impacted to a place where it is extremely difficult to get paperwork done.  

I've also noticed that a lot of different places that should be able to take adjustments under the equality act are claiming outright that they cannot possibly provide those, and so there is a material difference if you are disabled and you have any concerns in this country. You are basically being asked to jump in even higher hoops than bodies people, even just to ask whether or not there's anything going on.  

I think allowing the Jewish woman to suffer like this, in the context of her leaked rape case, and context of leaked address details and pulse reports from her giving quite a balanced and nuance statement about antisemitism during the student protests against genocide, simply because a lot of politicians are taking favours from business lobbies that claims to represent the interests of Jewish people (even though we have no idea who's actually in the main stakeholders behind that, so it's fully possible that it's not majority Jewish), is rather exceptional. I have to wonder whether we would anticipate that being the norm for any other religious minority in this country, or any other minority that was racialised.  

Jewish women up and down this country now now, but you will not be defended if you are raped, your story will be used to suit male violence, and I hope the rest is very proud of itself for achieving that.  

I will have to live with the impact of that political warfare for probably a good 10 to 20 years before it improves. You have born a new level of racism that is unlikely to remove itself within a generation. Well done.  

---

One of the core problems that we have, even if you are extremely security forward as a person, is that with our current counterterrorism regime we are essentially flagging into a restrictive program, all of our future future potential assets for [this type of work](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3HrtSB/).  

Tell me it's not [*Robot Wars*](https://youtu.be/z7B4xeHzsvU?is=LO8SNTiPeWEvFHEB). 🤷‍♀️  

The problems with misclassification and the failure to be precise, are that we are essentially creating a punitive system for behaviours that we feel slightly culturally uncomfortable about, which lessens our ability to actually do things for children and young people who are at risk and for adults who are at risk, it limits the budget we have per head for those people, and aside from the harms more widely, there are going to be a lot of teenagers that essentially have all of the skills that we would've loaded in the right setting who are being mischaracterised in the current environment that they are in. It's not a teenagers responsibility to be able to predict what an adult is doing wrong.  

This is one of the core problems with recruitment and retention in the current day. We have brought up a nation where things like planes spotting our hobbies, but under the current paradigm of counterterrorism services outside of security services, this is a behaviour that will probably be flagged up and that child or young person, or adult would end up receiving support as if they were going to be a potential terrorist. Even if you just want to look at the administration side of things, please think about how that is going to come up if they do actually apply to the armed forces.  

We need a better system than what we have currently.  

This is all before we talk about the delay delays to the recruitment process more generally.  

---

[This](https://youtube.com/shorts/q4UEsE38SqI?is=e3Oo7WqaLh6YIfYW) is both an incredibly sensible take, and the comments are a goid example of, "what if not bot, what if driven by weird telegram conspiracy group chats".  

No obe is "secretly protecting" Muslum men or melaninated men – society protects *men in general*, and we are reaching for racism as a way to blame people where "we can tell" at first encounter. No you cannot. You have to do the work. We have to protest and lobby people in power.  

If you're not ready to take on the Epsrein class, you are not ready to fight for children. Stop trying to boame it on people you have relative power over, and accept that freedom has to be fought for.  
I could bring up the suffragettes, but apparantly we've forgotten how motivated they were.  

---

Jfc.  

[Is](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR39ftMJ/) [the](https://www.thejc.com/news/politics/liberate-minds-supremacist-zionism-greens-pl3bqg90) [JC](https://www.thejc.com/news/politics/explosive-dossier-jewish-group-palestinian-greens-ww08pk4w) [okay](https://www.thejc.com/opinion/leaders/the-greens-for-palestine-papers-make-an-inquiry-unavoidable-jo926lu9)?  

Apart from this being an incredible misrepresentation of anything that I'm certainly aware of, and being highly selective even when it is more reflective of anything said, do any of you realise what you're doing by going after the one party led by a Jewish man in this country?  

No, of course you don't, because apparently you want to opt for a system where we are subservient to the white man in the diaspora – only liberated when we go to brutalise Palestinians in the Middle East.  

None of you were appeared to have had the balls to talk to anybody first, although I am asking around.  

The degree of exclusion that happens towards any Jews who are even critical of Israel, even who just raise that they are uncomfortable with the way in which the state works, is like a page out of the same regimes that gave you the concept of a "social death". Yet you didn't feel like you could liaise with anyone first? You didn't feel like you could talk to anyone first? You didn't feel like you could, at a time when the alt right is a significant problem, come and talk to anyone even close to other communities who we are standing in solidarity with, when it comes to not being so middle class, when it comes to being working in class and actually having to defend your streets from actual Nazis?  

Of course, I am hardly surprised.  

Bibi Netenyahu... how much did the deal with Iran hurt?  

Or is it the fact that we're actually trying to talk about the legitimacy of specific land sales now?  

Was this really necessary?  

Is it really going to help you?  

I think you need to start preparing for those court cases, love.  

---

I wonder if it's fully understood and appreciated, how the particular dog whistles that are being used throughout this series, are all examples of colonial violence towards Jews?  

So you are saying you understand what colonialism is, yes?  

So you do understand?  

Or is the disconnect just not connecting?  
Funnily enough, the type of people who go to the meetings for Greens for Palestine, have never had me kneel on a sow's skin, and beg for repentance, before I can talk.    

That would be the people who first started to advertise Zionism to us in the 19th century, babes.  

The fact that there are several fairly prominent antizionist Jews, within this space, and as soon as that has been an Nexus where we can connect with politics, it has been fragrantly attacked, is not lost on us.  

That? That attacking a place where Jewish people can meet and advocate? That is antisemitic. That is racist.  

This is all before we get to the point of advocating for Palestinians, at a time when they are at risk of genocide – and you are as implicated in their protection, Jewish Chronicle – as anyone else, in regard to the ICJ orders already issued. This is because of the legal changes that were brought in after 1945.  

Why are you so desperate to disrupt Palestinian organising?  

Just as every is ready spokesperson and every media outlet needed us all to denounce Hamas before we were allowed to grieve a single child, I'm going to need you to say that you accept the requirements of the International Courts, before I take this seriously as a set of concerns.  

You cannot just go around lecturing people, shouting at people, and assume that this is the only way in order to get business done.  

The Jewish Chronicles always been a paper aimed at the middle class, and that is not necessarily a bad thing, but time and time again we don't see any representation or any effort to even deign to speak to working class Jews.  

There is also something very specific that's being done here in terms of propaganda, because a very specific target, apart from more liberal Jews who are on a deconstruction process, would be towards the otherwise potentially sympathetic quarters of Haridim readership.  

I'm not necessarily saying that this author had bad intentions, but I am saying that whoever is leading in an ownership level or above, probably knows exactly what they are doing here.  

It's interesting that you feel you need to reiterate the "threat", especially when there are clearly other threats which are more physical to us, to this degree. There are at least four articles, and several social media callouts. That is not standard.  

I am still quite upset because I used to enjoy the cultural portions of the Jewish Chronicle. Something really weird happened to it, when it went into new ownership.  

---
