[Work on crypto assets re Russian sanctions evasion.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTUMp4W/)  

I'm really disappointed by the debate yesterday, regarding UK-Israel business lobby influence in the UK, because there were a number of things that were said which were quite frankly untrue, and used our bodies as Jewish people to hide behind in order to protect business that does not necessarily comply with international legal standards as set out by the OCHA.  

It's extremely disappointing to see some degree of improvement, and then we see what is essentially quite a weak-willed approach to basic measures that we can use as a collective body of government. This includes sanctions.  

I appreciate the debate yesterday was not about sanctions, but if you are actually serious about sanctioning set of violence in the West Bank, you have to also be paying attention to these debates, and you can't simply have a major majority of white people defending every single thing that is done by saying that it's anti-Jewish to criticise us. That puts us in a category of "other", and the people who benefit from that framing the most are not even the people with money or the people making donations, it's the global far right. Is it unfair to expect us to be held to a higher standard obviously it is and yet I see again and again a number of people creating the conditions that essentially look like we are being held to a different standard, which then increases the pressure on normal Jews elsewhere in life, to then show that they're meeting this "good immigrant" style standard.  

It is absolutely unreasonable for a state to absorb any criticism of itself, only to then be displacing it onto us, as if that state is a person who deserves to be protected in its own right, in part because the risk has to go somewhere and it disproportionately then goes onto the Jewish community directly in this country and elsewhere in the diaspora.  

There are a number of things that I could say as well, and there was a huge degree of political low blows taken essentially because it's probably the trending lobby item, in whichever particular small branch of the Labour Party that is discussing it. These steering groups appear to sometimes act completely independently and sometimes they are integrated, that doesn't appear to be a uniting structure or a standardised structure, which makes data compliance a bit of a joke.  

This is extremely concerning in the current circumstances that we are operating in politically internationally, as well as within our own country, and it has been disappointing not to see any progress on this which makes any real difference to the people who are actually backing up any eligibility that the Labour Party will ever and has ever had, with their votes.  

---

[Filings are mildly interesting.](https://www.mintpressnews.com/fara-docs-israel-is-spying-on-millions-of-christian-americans-in-their-churches/291001/)  

Obviously, I'm sure if the Only Jewish State™️ feels that American Christians are a target, someone has checked to make sure diaspora Palistiniand and Jews are okay?  

This is why the debate in parliament yesterday was an absolute joke.  

It's not your body that's being bid on. It's not your well-being that is on the line.  

Not in the same way that those diaspora communities' populations are.  

I think this is where it's really helpful to remember the difference between a group of people who are grouped on the basis of an identity feature, versus a state. A state will act in the way a state will act, in order to prolong the life course of the state. This is not always the same as a group of people being secure, and war state has a legal structure or an economic structure which is not sustainable, what is failing is the state apparatus, it does not necessarily mean the people themselves are in danger in the same way as if the country were to be invaded and therefore the state were to collapse.  

The State of Israel has a very specific legal and economic structure. It is dependent on two types of movement in order to keep it going, one is the movement of diaspora Jews into the area, and one is a decline in numbers of Palestinians who are native to that area, and as we have seen, this is done through a variety of inhumane means. This is what it means to have a state which is dependent upon a structure which was normalised under imperialism, and which continues to the current day.  

The State of Israel is currently in a late stage apartheid, where it is becoming more violent, and there are significant increases in violence, carried out in such a way as she strongly encourage people who have been resident in that land for an extremely long time, to move out of that land. There is still marketing for a process called aliyah, which has a very specific meaning in the context of Zionism (and a very separate meaning in a religious sense, although this lends authority to the term), we're immigration is encouraged from the diaspora into the state.  

These are processes which cannot necessarily be maintained ad infinum.  

These processes drive a significant amount of suffering for Palestinians.  

These processes also highly incentivise the world which never has to address the wrongs of the Holocaust; antisemitism in the diaspora benefits this process and is incentivised by this process existing as it does.  

That is all incredibly hard to swallow, even on a baseline of what we are exposed to in a general sense from our countries, and so I am going to say that I recognise that I have not been brought up in an environment where that is extremely heavy messaging, but when we talk about unlearning processes, these are the type of things which have been normalised that we have to unlearn.  

This is merely one part of maintaining the state, and an apartheid structure is important to recognise in part because the demographic difference is part of what drives not only the apartheid but also the mechanisms underlying the apartheid which also themselves contribute towards antisemitism in the diaspora.  

I am going to remind any Jewish readers again for the nth time that I am aware that this can be incredibly hard to come to terms with. apart from the extremely obvious benefits of coming to terms with it sooner rather than later, which would focus on the preservation of Palestinian life, there is also selfish benefit within being able to recognise where we are perpetuating cycles of violence, particularly at the expense of our own freedom.  

Being part of this system is not liberating for the vast majority of us, and even if you are at the tip top of the pyramid, you are still constrained by the system and owe everything that you have to the system. You are not, therefore, free.  

And regardless of what you try to use to cover for that feeling, humans are very good at noticing things without necessarily consciously registering them.  
Normalising specific desires and specific emotional needs within our environment is part of what contributes to a low sense of general well-being across entire populations, and that will impact even the most privileged people in a society.  

I would much rather be in a world where we were all motivated to learn the violence that each of us possess on behalf of other people, but I understand that sometimes we also need to see what the benefit is to be able to fully engage or motivate ourselves, especially when there are various forces that we come into contact with which may be motivated to persuade us otherwise.  

If you're complaint is that I am being unfair in focusing on our role specifically, please do not think that I am unaware of the forces which put us into this position a long time ago, and which still keep us in this position now. Something that you will notice if you look at campaigns like BDS is that a lot of these companies are concerning for various other activities across the world, and they are often using the very specific legal and economic system that is available to them in that specific state, whilst also being very close to the West, in order to do a very particular type of business which allows them to make more profit. This is done regardless of whether or not anyone is either Jewish or Israeli or both.  

We deserve better than to be the middlemen for Europe and America.  

Violence extracts from the perpetrators of the act, just not as much as it extract from the people who are the most victimised within a violent system.  

In order to realise the fullness of this, yes we do have to concede that Palestinians have been the recipients of far more brutal and far more expensive violence in the current period than we have, but also by recognising this, we can start to look at the issues of how only in a very specific context of hyperviolence, do we have a place for a lot of of our men to express masculinity in a manner which recognises that anger may arise from the events of the past.  

We do not have a place that our men can be angry about what happened in the in the Holocaust, without it being seen as causing a sense of shame, losing conditional whiteness, or being displayed in an extremely brutal and violent manner, with the caveat that this must happen in one specific state, and only to a specific group of people.  

I am not necessarily saying that anyone should have perpetrated violence within Europe or within America, but I am saying that without some middle ground on a masculine outlet, we allow this system to perpetuate itself, and in the same breath, this system perpetuates our own unhealthy relationship with masculine and expression in our community.  

Everyone varies, I'm sure they are plenty of people who are expressing themselves in a healthy way, and there are people who may not subscribe to this gender of the concept, but this is done for brevity and simplicity.  

There is a kind of other world limit, in which we deal with the specific way in which the State exists, and that is actively stopping us from liberating ourselves or indeed being less of a risk, to the people who are from the land in which the state has been created.  

---
