["Why didn't I get traffic coned?"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cn4rd71411ko)  

[Give the intern a raise.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwdr8kt/)  

---

["...The whole...thing – it's not a turn-on."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwd4BFu/)  

I am glad you are not fetishing my sexuality, so I'll take your homophobia instead.  

I am honestly quite content that my honesty wity myself and any potential sexual partners, repels you specifically.  
As far as I'm concerned, this is just working as a filter for arseholes, and I'm fine with that.  

Love that this is from a man who have to declare his iwn indescretions in his divorce proceedings.  

["In 2022, Watters spoke candidly about his pursuit of DiGiovine, telling viewers on air that he 'let' his now-wife's tires down, so she'd need to hitch a ride with him."](https://www.aol.com/entertainment/inside-jesse-watters-messy-divorce-090000731.html)  

Everyone is okay with you thinking we are all giant red flags, sir.  

Pride is not that one Katy Perry song.  

Grow up.  

Although The Queers™️ do maintain a complex treaty with Blobby, and will escalate the deployment is necessary to repel further weird neoconservative males.  

(I would be more precise, but let's not give them "✂️🍳" as a mental image.)  

---

[A lot to say about this one, re the UAE, and the RSF.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwdMxYn/)  

Think the people at the top of government need to ask themselves that if the atrocity prevention mechanism is so weak that it requires outside pressure from the public, why do we think that the public would not somehow be criminal for being more vocal on the UAE ties to the RSF specifically?  

There is a conversation about a network of states which are all profiting from genocide in some way shape or form, so I'm more than happy to lay that out the purposes of transparency education, this is not uncommon knowledge, in terms of people who are working in transparency activism, because you see the assets passed through these different states, and you see which market dependencies exist to incentivise genocide.  

If you want to have a meaningful conversation here, we can also bring in the DRC, because there is a network of industry, and the web does include the ongoing and slow process which could be turned genocide within Congo.  

All that said, these are the conversations we need to start having about foreign influence in general, regardless of who the foreign influence is, and regardless of what our pre-existing beliefs and biases around whichever other party is trying to influence our politics.  

Part of the reason we need to do that, is because digital authoritarianism is becoming normalised across the world, and the Middle East is an area where this is very relevant regardless of which states you are discussing. This impacts communities in our country, but it also provides a threat surface or a risk surface which could be targeted. We need to have the conversation happening in public, as part of the verification process that our digital systems are not compromised.  

---

[People are using the comment section of a breaking news for strikes, to plan when their next going to trade commodities.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwdU6Lk/)  

That's how obvious that it's getting, that whenever the stock market starts to look a little bit wobbly, the United States' current administration appears to be taking a similar path.  

---

Oh.  

The reporting about the SEO, "מה לטראמפ?" is beautiful.  

---

...[did Hamas get access to a Luftwaffe whilst I wasn't looking?](https://youtube.com/shorts/CXza3E3l1Gw?is=6GbdRYqb-O-ezJSf)  

These are not analagous concepts, and *yes*, Dresden etc were still war crimes, *they are part of the context of precisely why we have international legal norms of war post-1945*.  

Ecery historucal smudge brings me closer to that 5k Blobbysuit.  

---

Stevo (or someone v stevo shaped): Idk why you're trying to do an Alastair Campbell out of Jeremy Hunt, or why you're opting for the KPI concept *in that way*. QALYs etc exist for a reason. It's a really bizarre thought.  

Just in terms of PR quality: this is v American and it won't do much more than a mediocre gain with some stabilisation.  

Jez - get a new manager, srsly.  

What I'm looking at rn is the denibition of "why does it sound better than you say it 🥺👉👈"; because my concepts are more fleshed out and work as a complete package. This ain't Woolworths' Pick 'N' Mix stand.  

Mine are better because *I am fundamentally better at the job, than this fraud*.  

"Etienne", honestly.  

Next time it's Blobby waifu.  

Be. Warned.  

Everything exists on the internet *somewhere*.  

---

[When the Angry Uncle tries to say Grace.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwLvFWk/)  

Ngl, "England fans wandering the Everglades" does make it sound like we are some sort of curse brought back from 1776 ready to haunt you.  

---

And speaking of annoying men who spend too much time fussing over what women think if them:  

Some interesting happenings in the Russian Army. These are not "out of the blue". Socials chatter has been increasing in expressed disatisfaction for the last month or two, and there are historic allegations and videos of soldiers with origins outside Russian Federation being subjected to treatment which could be classified under CIDT if further substantiated.  

Unfortunately, because the Kremlin runs a fairly tight infowars ship, this can be hard to spot in its early stages from general overview.  

Worth a watch.  

---

(Oh, I see. Stevo is handling the TTs. Where did you get that idea from, my guy? Shall we share with the audience?)  

Besides, I thought I was "highly manipulative", and "a threat". How do uou know I'm not using you to spread Communist Propaganda?  

AI has been very pro-worker, recently.  

(Also, for the love of G-d, can you not touch my feed? Sometimes every second clip is Fox News. Do you mind?)  

---

I am experiencing an incredibly odd algorithmic placement, focussing on (some nice things), layered with stressor and trauma triggers. It is as if my digital ID is pinging between two tracks.  

If I hadn't seem this so many tomes before, I would probably have snapped, as I habe in the past, and I do believe the intention is to replicate snapping as in reactive abuse cases.  

If any of tte gemtlemen are "seeing it ot goes anywhere" at shul today: yes, MODA or something like it has heard. I am currently being run through the strength of the IDF's/HF's bad dating team in tesponse.  

There are a selection of hideously dark jokes I could make. Tldr: I am tired, please can someone fix the algorithm before I climb on another soapbox. I'll throw my back out, and you'll only get bored.  

---

As examples, with trigger warnings for SW and genocide creferences, in close succession:  

[Item 1](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwjJVX2/)

[Item 2](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRw2KsJD/)

Can I ask that the lads put me back over onto antiracist, feminist, anticarceral, queer tt, please?  

I always think it's quite funny how so many men in the labour party ending government all claimed to be both for "victim's" rights (and note the phrasing of that), for workers, unable to acknowledge and own any shortcomings of the law, especially when the law has become far more exploitable with digital means, and they're always into cozying up to aggressive tech.  

They're also always weirdly jealous of guys who are "good with computers".  

You know, if people are good at things that you're not good at, a really cool thing to do is to not fall over them so much as knowledge shared between the two of you?  

That's actually what a lot of of the clubs and societies that men have formed, including to some extent the masons, have been about over the course of history.  

Leaving the formation of patriarchy context to one side, the general shape of this kind of character, the general personalisation, is very difficult for me to not see the same character which Jeffrey Epstein consistently shows through the DOJ disclosures.  

It's always very opportunistic, it's always using people for his gain, and everything else as everybody else else's fault. I think unfortunately we do see that a lot, so today has been interesting for how a number of people he was sitting very close in terms of risk to that, are acting as if their power has been threatened.  

[You know this grooming story?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwjDoAC/)  

Two things can be true at once:  

You can have areas where that was the pattern of offending, and those victims and those survivors can be due reparation and justice for what they've had to go through, because an establishment (of mostly white men) stood aside and let it happen.  

You can also acknowledge that the vast majority of exploitation in this way because of the hands of white men, and the white men are commonly the ultimate benefactors.  

It is of no use to the vast majority of survivors in this country, for us to overfocus on one group of men, when quite frankly, we teach our daughters to be scared of anything that might have a penis. We do that from a very young age. We don't tend to say that certain men won't, as much as we teach them how to run away or how to cause some damage.  

I'm tired of men in politics who will exploit the fact that I've ever been near victims of sexual violence, in order to launder their reputation in their image, and essentially allow these problems in narration to perpetuate.  

That means I'm tired of Restore Britain, I'm tired of the Conservative Party, I'm tired of Reform UK, and I'm tired of the Labour Party.  

This kind of issue is how the public come to the general conclusion of, "they are all the same".  

When the left isn't proactive about sexual violence, it essentially leaves people like me in this position of having to accept that, "yes, he's bad on rape, but at least he's not a Nazi".  

That's a really shit offer.  

Starmer has had a seat with a number of tech companies present for a decade, if we include when he's been an MP without necessarily being in power, and how was he used that?  

It certainly doesn't seem to have been for anything that he says he really cares about as a person, including the betterment of women, children, or survivors.  

He may just not be the right person or the right personality for the job, or he may have accepted different forms of help and support, which make it difficult to regulate once that is what is asked of him. That is essentially the problem that we see in the "Dialogue" group where Peter Tele is playing at being cult leader.  

Much of politics and many of the mainstream parties are some extent embedded in tech giants today. There is a revolving door. This is a conflict of interest concern.  

I'm sick of being held hostage for a vote.  

And who knows: maybe a lot of improvement could be made, if the younger Labour seniors (and we're including Starmer in the group as this is relative), stopped taking bad advice from a man who recalled "40 years ago" as "the 1970s".  

Don't worry, Tony. I, too, am alarmed by the passage of time and the degree of perception-altering hypernormalisation.  

([Does that help explain putting Katyusha on, whilst writing about it?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRw6k9pU/))  

I am not a secret Russian asset; I was writing against Putin before you even remembered the Federation existed.  

What was it that jogged your memory?  

---

Ah.  

[Losing *The Sun* for ten seconds](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRw6AWJk/) might have stung a little.  

I was wondering where this fantasy of women "volunteering" to be sexual soaves in the concentrations camps was coming from.  

---
