Of all my algorithmic placements, very little is consistent with my user ID driving engagement and recommendation, over the last 24 hours.  

About 50% is various coercive messaging, structured towards silence and/or pause in action.  

Over 10% is CSI-style abject torture porn of women's mutilated, naked, and raped bodies. Several storylines end in death.

I have not driven this content.  

I have been on a Spice Girls marathon.  

I don't know what about *Wannabe* is saying, "please show me the mutilated woman in the freezer who goes to ICU".  

Plus side: More geolocating. I have, incidently, been keeping up on this since I had strong narrative threads about not focussing on this.  

I do know some of the likely IDs, btw, and the concept of some of you getting me into a large enough freezer without slipping a disc, is hilarious.  

Of course it's intimidating.  

Is the idea of you somehow lifting me off the ground also a matter of comedy? Absolutely.  

Birth rate? I'm suprised we even have one, with dross such as you all passing yourselves off as "eligable" for such a task.  

(Heavy trigger warning:) [For instance...](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3wSbfm/)  

Some of you have the body of Mr Krabs.  

Some of you are Patrick Starr.  

How you gonna bench 100+kg, babes?  

Don't threaten me unless I can bring popcorn to watch your flabby worm office chair abs deal with a woman the size of a woman.  

I am hardly a little girl anymore.  

---

`🌓_3_In_The_Moment/📲_Press_Matters/🌊_Playing_Defence/✈️_World_War_Epstein` is up to propose an AI-driven legal-risk matrix impact on defence planning because idk I needed to distract from the neuralgia and it's too hot to be smothered by the weighted blanket I guess.  

I'm genuinely sorry to the entire survivor network that we keep using his name all the time. I hope that driving the SEO up improves the odds that you get a fair hearing and something that looks like justice to you.  

---

FYI I don't think the proposed risk-waterfall situation needs an Elon-sized wallet; systems are currently very brittle and extrapolating impacts of algorithms and AI can mean it's a much lower amount.  

The current economic and legal system is essentially producing world-wide chaos because it's trying to shape around a small clutch of humans.  

Please can we review.  

(We don't have to eat them, and they can have little crowns if it means we can *not* have the planet burned to a crisp.)  

---

[Honestly at this point, someone needs to confirm who the shareholders are.](https://zeteo.com/p/israels-largest-weapons-contractor)  

I'm not saying that this company doesn't do the work that it claims to do, but rather that the the "who" should potentially be scrutinised in the sense that the legal-risk matrix for this company and its interests, appears to have a lot of overlap with other key political crises which should not be driving this company.  

This could literally just be one person who has a significant shareholder, it doesn't actually need to be in the majority.  

Given that this legal risk matrix appears to have such a profound material impact not just on the lives of individuals, but also on legal processes that shouldn't be under its purview in the host countries, questioning whether or not someone who is a significant stakeholder has a particularly risky asset portfolio, is fair.  

This is particularly important when we actually hold defence contracts from our government to a company, we do need to know if you are taking particularly risky money.  

These questions are also what help compliance with wider sanctions, so for example, if a similar company in the west had a large stake held by a Russian party official, we might ask whether or not that was in compliance with our sactions regime.  

And no, Israel, I'm not asking you to defend a weapons company because I'm unfairly targeting you: as a Jewish woman in my particular circumstances, I have already given a lot of detail on both this company and also on what appears to be very responsive to specifically legal deadlines in the west, and I am asking us to find out what the common joining mechanism is, which is more likely to be a stakeholder than the company itself.  

Jeffrey Epstein, when he was alive was someone who did invest significantly in defence technology which was seen as innovative before his death, and his estate is still active and managed.  

If this is what is the connecting glue at some point industrially, and that is what is getting us into situations where we are chucking rockets at each other, we do all need to start asking what we need to do to de-escalate that risk.  

Because apart from anything else, if that was the case, it is a particularly stupid reason to be chucking fireworks at each other.  

Part of the problem with the Epstein network is that you have this cluster of men who all hang out with each other constantly, who are all investors in several businesses, all around defence and surveillance technology. Even if they are not involved in the criminal elements of what Epstein was doing, there is a problem in that they will all tend to act in concert, and this small set of dominoes may be a big portion of what is escalating market risk recently.  

The committee hearings are around how the DOJ was processing the files, so this may not clearly come up, especially when there is a desire to keep focus on survivors. For the rest of us more widely, we have to be looking at public disclosure in terms of accountability in transparency in finances, if there is a risk presented by the way in which their network is financially tied into each other.  

This is before we point out that Bill Gates still has industry-wide influence, Tony Blair has UK political influence, Ehud Barak has Israeli political influence, Peter Thiel has US political influence, and Vladimir is kinda acting like he's heard what the lads are worried about.  

You don't have to be using the word "conspiracy" to just recognise that this is how social networks act in the schoolyard, and some men never really grow up.  

None of these guys need to be doing anything like actually organising themselves either, all they need to be doing to have this impact is to automate their investments.  

Reputational protection, defence class = "HIGH";  
Investment risk tolerance = "HIGH".  

But they're getting in everyone's way quite badly now, though, so maybe intervention would not be such a terrible idea.  

Less *Eyes Wide Shut*, more: "so you're saying *I* might be the problem? *Moi?* Never."  

Yes, yes, yes:  

I am sure your mothers told you how wonderful you were when you acheived in school. Now please stop poking bears as a coping mechanism.  

---

As a point of interest, for whoever is nudging a lot of political sentiment around the current leader of the UK, what you are hitting up against is a population wide trauma response. Of course there will be variety, and there will be a variety of both opinions and also ways in which to express oneself, but what you are seeing from post-industrial UK is the trauma response which has risen because of generational trauma from the bombings.  

You're hitting up against exhaustion. You're hitting up against the, "oh for fuck's sake, what *now*?" response.  

That doesn't generate accurate political data, if your sentiment analysis is designed in such a way as to not account for that or to use natural language only.  
It would have to be localised further, including essentially translating into British English specifically and trained on that specifically as it's root language, in order to work.  

You are essentially the emergency response who is currently in Doris's garden, arguing that you need to take away the bond that has been there since the war, and yes she will have to leave the house temporarily. Doris isn't even really giving you an opinion at this point, she's just pissed off that you - a young person in your 40s - are deigning to advise *her* on what happens on *her* property.  

There is no emotional release for this, there is no catharsis. Political sentiment keeps getting done this way, and it is tiring the population out without giving them a release in for example a Member of Parliament's surgery. 

Extracting emotion and soul from a population, in this way, whilst not giving them anywhere to vent, especially at a time when they are finding it difficult to afford daily life, is why your people are suddenly "ungovernable".  

They are tired and you are getting on their nerves, and this is a bipartisan extraction cycle.  

There is nowhere to get news in this country where you are not subjected to this.  

This is emotionally and psychologically draining on the population as a whole, and adds to the stress burden of individuals who are exposed.  

It is why a significant portion of the UK population is no longer reading the news on a regular basis.  

This then leaves them more vulnerable to foreign influence campaigns online, in group chats, and also extremism-based algorithmic exposure.  

It is simply not worth and it's entire cost, the very little it is gaining in the short term for political parties, and it should be regulated as a behaviour.  

---

Incidentally, whilst Russia does appear to be *reactive* to this risk network, suggesting it *needs* to preserve resilence capacity, the most effective path to positioning for a NATO victory by Ukraine, is still a comprehensive sanctions regieme alongside the organised crime operations currently ongoing across Europe.  

For the US: yes this would undermine the IRGC nerworks. Yes it would stabilise oil pricing long term.  

We can't go sucking out oil from the North Sea willy-nilly: that is where the Kraken lives.  

(It would also intriduce another asset which becomes a military target to defend when you're saying we are under-resourced and you are over-stretched. ..?)  

---

If you think [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTeJcju/) case is isolated from [the anti-Muslim attracks in Edinburg](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTJwtsX/)h, you're not seeing the root causes.  

I'm also just... astounded by the am dram feel of the segenent. Are you guys okay?  

The problem is the rising tolerance for racism, the ascribing of responsibility of crimes to marginalised groups, and therefore a lack of accountability and lack of fiscal equality.  

There is now a pattern in the media of violent assaults against Myslims, and shortly after violent assaults against Jews.  

Tears over a single incident, whilst still contributing to the whole, mean nothing to us.  

Stand up or shut up.  

---

[The comments here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTeg8Hr/) have a chunk from bot farms, but a larger chunk which prob originate from alt right telegram chat shares.  

It's like a MAGA circle got invited, and a number of the people writing are Americans. You can tell who the British ones are from subtle changes in grammar. So why are people in the US doing this?  

The UK as a nexus point, underestimates its own importance in transfer and exchange, as well as overestimates its importance as dominating force.  

Resolve our imperial hangover, take some of the rubbish out, and we can position for a better round.  


---
