In light of the profound civil liberties impact, the ongoing harms, and the repeated deferrals when seeking clarification from UK governtmentak departments:  

- I request that my statement in the encampments case is released in full;
- I request the security of my health and court data is clarified;
- I request review of punitive processing used to gather intelligence for a private firm in an identity-targeted manner.

I don't have representation, because I am a Jew, Israel is at war, and my government is systematically ignoring TNR risk from a self-proclaimed cybersec hub.  

Prove it's about Jewish life and not white money and release what I have requested and confirm security of my remaining data.  

This includes MOD origin and MOJ CSA origin data, neither of which can be successfully confirmed.  

Danage to property has occured, healthcare access has been directly targeted, financial accounts have been targeted.  

I am far from the only person this has and is happening to.  

Sort it out, or every MP can wash their mouth out talking about how they "feel" about discussing lobbying in a genocide; your statments breach ICJ and OCHA requirements.  

Either actually act in protection, or stop pretending this isn't just about getting the next bribe to look the other way during a genocide.  

Who did the Cabinet, under David Cameron's lead as FCDO, instruct to contain the student encampments, supposedly for civil security?  

Who did it go to?  

If a Prime Minister stepped down suddenly, I'm imagining this might be an interesting answer.  

What was the plan put forward in 2023/24, and why have we not yet been de-escalated?  


---

Just had a 10 part teleohone call from repeated interference, and 3 NHS spine codes have gone missing in the void during transfer. The medication is overdue, and the withdrawl on two drugs is a caution due to the heat warning.  

This is what being a Jew is like, when white people don't take money from you.  

If the cause is sonething else? I'm happy for my government to address the root data concern.  

Given current international politics and the position of the respective states, it is not unlikely that this is TNR in someone's interpretation of "Israeli interests".  

Given who else is impacted, this is likely to be the interests source, although specific parties acting may be varied.  

This is the citizen cost of low accountability.  

---

["Sanctions don't work."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTxcpV6/)  

[Tell me more.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTQ1a9j/)  

---

The dehydration headaches begin. Will allow some delivery room of meds, because apparantly the doorbell entry has been an issue, and since Iron Swords, the doorbell appears to fault to interrupting at previsely 12 mins prior to Jewish time sundown (which, incidentally, is an incredibly specific time, and I think we have to give Islam the Most Sensible System Award in terms of the astrology here), and obviously it's just completely coincidental that this is when you would like candles on a Friday which is the only day that this fault appears to happen, and yet when it's actually a useful appointment or something like an important delivery, the intercom system faults to silence. I don't know if anyone understands anything about circuitry, but those are two very different things that it is doing, if it was "just bad wires".  

I have said before that Bargain Bin Mossad just ain't slick.  

You don't need to know anything about my medication to understand that I'm currently in a state of (SRNI) withdrawal, and also an uncorrected compensatory HR adaptation.  

One of the most fun things after being arrested was after having used benzodiazepines to manage not only my PTSD acute episodes, but having become partly reliant on it to get through particularly aggressive spinal pain episodes without going to ED (and yes, a number of medical staff knew that this was happening), my medication was uninterrupted so much that essentially I was forced to go cold turkey off that.  

That's not the safest way to discontinue that medication, but you know what it is?  
"What I deserved", for making the point that the Jewish community of the UK had plurality of opinion, and saying that I personally found it very difficult to deal with negation of the diaspora as an essential trait of Zionism.  

When you accept without rigourous challenge, the opinions and politics of the same people who are representing the government which is currently in power, which is who you are getting when you are getting people who are working in PR from the State of Israel, then in the current world that we live in, you are accepting an extreme revisionist form of Zionism to be presented as the *only* Jewish opinion.  

This aligns with that particular politics worldview of what normal Jewish opinion should look like, so in accordance with their own internal logic, this makes sense. Therefore, any Jew who has a significantly different opinion, including for example a socialist democratic or a liberal democratic view of government in the state, this is viewed as on par with an anarchism.  

The State of Israel maintains its PR extremely precisely, because as discussed previously, it not only has to maintain a state but it also has to maintain some incredibly specific norms of that state in its current form of being, which have become normalised after Palestine has been settled following the Ottoman empire, and after processes which have been a result of living through colonisation in the West, and the colonisation of other people and lands under empire have been brought to Palestine and have been transferred in knowledge, and are now enacted by Jewish people representing the state.  

If you do not meaningfully challenge the idea that there is only one way to be Jewish, you are allowing the most extreme versions of any government that arises under that particular state, to claim that anything that they do is the only expression of Jewish identity.  

The idea that Jewish people all have to be behave one way, is what is anti-Jewish. That is the bit that is racist, because you are assuming that we are all the same, and incapable of holding different opinions or living different lives, or having different access to experiences.  

My home government appears to not be able to do anything about protecting my NHS data, not able or confident to confirm any concerns around TNR.  

If this isn't what it is, I would ask my government to confirm what is going on, and if the TNR belongs to a different country whom we are allied to, I think that represents so much deeper conversation.  

"Bloody antifascists"? Yes, how terrible I am for thinking that the Nazis were pieces of shit.  

---

[Further discussion on the procurement case being brought forward by Palentina in the UK.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTC3hyP/)  

If my prescriptions keep going missing in the middle where that exists, and I am somebody who depends on a very specific system and also on the doses being appropriately timed (previously, this has been a stronger protection for a care package for me than any of my physical needs, for example), can we all understand why I give a shit about how we are plugging the API of the system together?  

And yes, of course, this kind of software can experience a man in the middle of attack, particularly if it is used by the party who is using that as a strategy. Has anyone asked about safeguards?  

The only reason that I explore these ideas in so much detail is because I go through such weird problems that apparently everyone with any power over the decision process simply cannot possibly comprehend as being even possible, even though it is extremely common knowledge at a very low level of cyber security information and training.  

It is embarrassing how politicians are so motivated to not question anything about the procurement of digital systems in this country.  

---

Do you know what now gets deindexed?  

[Try to find the original content creator who did this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTX6gUL/). 

The problem you are hitting against, is Jewish voices being deindexed.  

Because when we think for ourselves in pur own liberal democracies in the diaspora, we are "terrorists", remember?  

Think about who makes the most profit, and who is most dependent on the land of Palestine, which includes the legal entity which is the State of Israel, remaining as it is. Those are the companies and the hedge funds and the banks and the individuals, who most benefit from the current status quo continuing.  

Most of them? Not Jewish.  

---

[We protect property more than people](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTXMdpu/), and you wonder why the kids are the way that the kids are?  

---

Right. Triptan time then think about wasting NHS Direct time and paying for unnecessary taxis when I can descend stairs.  

---

["Sanctions don't do shit."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTXLM1L/)  

Personally, can't wait for Russian troops on the ground to be screwed over by their own government such the point that they have to start fighting this war without petrol.  

---

The new hypothesis would explain why all of my paperwork requested in the UK appears to be interrupted very precisely by the Trump-Epstein-Mandelson legal risk matrix. Nothing scarier than that little girl who survives rape, and lives to pit men in their place. Handover my arrest records. I have always known what timed with them. questioning a Jewish woman in her own country, on British sovereign soil, for intelligence information which keeps presume she has access to, despite no warranted surveillance and apparently largely on racial grounds, that does not pertain to British interests, was always an extremely interesting choice to do with no medical review, no medication even it was provided, and with other fragrant breaches of PACE.  

Jusify detaining your British due for 19 hours for political reasons in this country. Please. I'd love to hear how this was in British interests.  

This was after my medical degree was discontinued against policy, and against UK domestic legal protections, because I retain the values of the Hippocratic oath, didn't the need of anyone in distress, regardless of who they were.  

Justify it.  

I am fascinated to this day.  

We can start talking about some of the enhanced methods of persuasion that we used on British soil, if that's the direction you would like to push this in.  
The British government might have ignored me in summer 2025, but you may have noticed that the Jewish diaspora around the world, has nglected to do so in totalis.  

Congratulations, to everyone who revealed their true colours.  

[I was punished because I could see this early, and even more damningly, because I saw the report that was handed over to the UK government, which showed that this was likely to happen at the current rate when we took our legal decision, in respect to our stance on whether or not it was a genocide.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTXSx26/)  

That's when it started, and it has not yet finished.  

Is there enough to meet this threshold for the British legal opinion to change, or does more need to happen?  

Do you want to talk about the intelligence that was given to the Americans, and by tentative release of knowledge of weapons that they previously NCND'd?  

If you think I'm angry, please know that this lack of patience is coming from not having required background of stating neurotransmitters in my blood chemistry, and I would really rather just like to receive my prescription now.  

This is not the first time that talking about online has changed what appears to be going on in the middle of nowhere of the UK government systems, so can I please ask whoever is responsibility that is, that they find some drugs from somewhere tonight? This is not an uncommon enough item that one emergency dispense is impossible. My joints don't do very well when the heat is this bad, and I'm already lightheaded despite fluids. There is no reason to make this worse.  

I am already a fool risk before all of this, because of the lack of balance control, so I don't know why we are increasing the falls risk *yet again*. It is quite interesting to me how coincidentally, for apparently completely random reasons, as the risk of British decision to change official stance increases, I appear to have a number of administrative "glitches", that would all correlate with increased physical danger.  
Whose budget is this?  

Don't have the balls to say it to my face?  

If you refer this as "unprovoked" mental health to a service in this country, that will become your own problem, because you will create your own legal burden of needing to demonstrate you are uninvolved, with the withdrawal that is happening. Check.  

---
