This is going to require a bigger "hear me out" than "Charles Dance and Diama Rigg deserved more scenes together".  

[This action by the Palantir Tulpa might be Good, Actually, just extremely indirectly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTMLDbc/)  

<!--(Write about Louis Moseley for 10 seconds and the phone starts doing its own thing entirely. Will add screenshots and try to elaborate in folder. Becomes impossible to write.)

See below record before persistant scroll to top, failure to commit, unable to edit actions without "beating" whatever auto/human competitive process:  

This is going to require a bigger "hear me out" than "Charles Dance and Diama Rigg deserved more scenes together".  

[This action by the Palantir Tulpa might be Good, Actually, just extremely indirectly.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTMLDbc/)  

1. I'm going to need you to take him into account that this whole "700 police officers" claim, is a PR-based wording of "it will cost money to defend". I think everyone involved understands what kind of emotive line that is. That's what expensive PR looks like.
2. It's also important to note that one of Louis Moseley these great talents, as well as probably being one of his main weaknesses, is that he is extremely difficult to read emotionally, and that may be because he finds emotion difficult to access. I don't think it's unfair to guess that perhaps certain members of his family were quite intense to grow up with. Most of us grew with people of that generation who are not exactly The Best at handling their feelings. this often means that any moves are usually.
3. -->  

1. I'm going to need you to take him into account that this whole "700 police officers" claim, is a PR-based wording of "it will cost money to defend". I think everyone involved understands what kind of emotive line that is. That's what expensive PR looks like.
2. It's also important to note that one of Louis Moseley these great talents, as well as probably being one of his main weaknesses, is that he is extremely difficult to read emotionally, and that may be because he finds emotion difficult to access. I don't think it's unfair to guess that perhaps certain members of his family were quite intense to grow up with. Most of us grew with people of that generation who are not exactly The Best at handling their feelings. however, when one comes from this kind of background one usually knows that one needs to discuss with Legal and PR before one seats about it publicly, and this is the tell. This does mean that you can interpret what is happening, just means being aware of the conversation technique. This is not an un sensible thing to do in business.
3. I use the word to because the company has become almost a personality in itself, because that's how well-known it is, and we should be very clear that unless somebody is using it as a vector for their personality, companies tend to behave as their own "incentivise by market forces and not so much emotions" sort of entities. There are obvious many examples of where companies are used as vehicles of someone's emotional status, I'm not denying that. The Palantir tulpa is an interesting one, precisely because it has a mix of personalities at a senior level. This makes it interesting as a case study within late-stage and surveillence capitalism.
4. There are, in the public domain, a selection of interesting things about the DPIA paperwork which the Metropolitan Police submitted when they started their Palantir pilot. These do not align with the reason given publicly for the veto at the Mayor's Office. This itself is very interesting.
5. Sometimes companies take action against public bodies in a way that is on behalf of the company tulpa and its own incentives, but provides second-order benefits to the public. this is where it's really important to get the fact of the case upfront, because that allows less room for public bodies to turn this into something which is placing the risk back onto the public that they serve, rather than the institution bearing it in-house.
6. This is the strange way that the tulpa might accidentally allow public accountability of the Metropolitan Police: by forcing disclosure, which will probably inevitably include an apparent lack of substantial ethical of you before suggesting every Metropolitan Police officer to an experiment Mental product.

Told you it was weird.  

Note how no one from Legal or PR said to say that? "Don't mention the bloody ethical review".  

But now you know.  

---
