The BBC/MPS/Trump/Palantir thing is interesting to consider as dominos.  

---

I'm being hit with a lot of pointed legal content rn. I would reiterate that I have been clear about the duress, and I was reporting it regularly as advised, until Cabinet emails when missing, and many firms gave blanket denials.  

Explain what hapoened with management of the student encampments. Publish my statement. Explain why any of the downstream actions were justified for Defence of the Realm.  

I'll wait.  

If the behaviour, the harrassment, which is still ongoing, is legally warranted?  

Provide the justification. It should nit be difficult to do so. I shouldn't have to wait for the MPS or the ISC or the FCDO, or anyone else.  

You can't keep punishing me just because I didn't feel the same way as you, when the first bombs dropped in Gaza.  

If you're still relying on the say so over a man who has been following the course of my life for the last 20 years, might I suggest he might not be the expert on my personality, or my character?  

I'm not just being searched by people who have been watching for the last couple of years, and being searched by police forces that have covered my area since I was 8.  

Given the fact that I represent a vulnerable class of victim under HMCTS and details have already been leaked when they shouldn't have been, and the CPS cannot account for why all of its information has been part of that leak, it is not unreasonable to say that this represents intimidation.  

You wouldn't have thought that we had had a prime minister who helped unite the digital package under the justice system, because it looks like it's just made it more exploitable.  

It has always been very difficult for me to ascertain whether or not this is because there is not enough will at the top of the system, so it really can't be taken forward by individuals or small groups, or whether there is something else going on; it's uncomfortable.  


---

[It appears we have made data analysis sexy again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwfGVVy/)  

I'm so glad someone made the Minions reference. It was all I could think about.  

---

If you want to see native British English attitudes to anything, versus very good business-level British English content farms, check [these comments](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwf465r/).  

I am well aware that some of the farmed comments are better speakers than we are. I also recognise the accented British English, partially because it's not as morose as we are in person.  

Very Hyderabadesque.  

It's like if you told a British English speaker there will be no wages unless you smile.  

Otherwise, exceptional register. Which is why I'm going for alike to Hyderabad.  

---

[Why is this in Americanised English?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwadQ3y/)  

Circuit breaker? Who are you, sir?  

Ye mean a tripp switch, innit?  

"Man of the people", my arse.  

Tahlk propa, man.  

Bloody southerner.  

Who wrote this speech?  

What pisses me off that we all laid into Hannah Spencer, he does actually speak like she's from the area, whereas what is this?  

It's American English.  

This whole thing just looks like another Blairite project. Like we're being forced to accept yet another person who was around 20 years ago. The way which it's all being presented like it was a natural thing that happens and that's no change, but then media were talking about it like it's changed?  

Is this a deliberate play to get him into Cabinet, and keep Starmer? What are we even watching right now?  

Toolmaker, circuit breaker... this is a rhetorical style so niche, it has an origin point.  

"Nerve centre" is also a very deliberate lean onto a British brand... gosh, I cannot possibly guess who recycled other people's work into this linguistic salad.  

It's a dig for NHS votes, because they're a huge bloc, tentative currently, and the party is losing union support.  

The Labour LLM is no longer working, lads.  

Pay for the labour.  

🦎  

"THE STARK IMBALANCE" ARE WE SERIOUS.  

Bruv.  

I'm already written up the flowchat on potholes. This is literally *so easy* to fix.  

I know where a lot of the content comes from; the frustration is partially that the execution is so poor, so inelegant.  

Anything, truly *anything*, to keep women out of power.  

[This is from AI industry money.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwahKTm/)  

Yees need to just tell us whose money and gifts in kind yees took before the GE.  

[Horseshoe](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwah9xX/) [effect](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwaYKSC/)?  

([Fyi there's a reason it was historically York, and there's a reason why Birmingham would make the most sense.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwaQL9T/))  

I'm going to leave it for now, but the Labour Party needs to start getting its story straight about where its sentiment analysis comes from, who is speechwriting, and why its relationship with DPIAs and GDPR is all over the place.  

(Or just sack it in, and let a worker's party actually exist? Stolen labour isn't progressive?)  

---

I am rather upset.  

A year ago, I had a very particular type of cyber attack after being harassed continuously at my address, in a way that we both sexualised and racialised.  

I appeal to my government for help, going by the cabinet office, amongst others.  

The data appears to have gone missing, but the lawyers who I was reaching out to and the company who was subpoenaed for my data, that was all handled.  

I was sent to Mental Health, and now I can't use that service, because there has been data leakage from that service. I've been asked for details about my Family., to get around having to go to GCHQ for the record. I'm not even joking. Someone was trying to work out my racialised lineage.  

This is completely inappropriate.  

That data which was subpoenaed has now been used in the content for two separate books, and a significant number of references are in this speech.  

I feel like I'm being passed around like some whore, and having been pushing into doing that work before, I can't help but think that the British system looks at anyone who reports the rape, and just sees you with another woman to use. You're already broken, according to these men, and so that's when it all starts.. that's when you start getting past around all of the most dangerous men.  

I'm absolutely furious.  

The layer party never did anything about their aunties, they only adopted even more disregard hatred for Jewish women.  

I don't know where this has come from, but I wouldn't trust the vast major majority of men on the left, and certainly not the vast major majority of men within that party.  

There has been no progress on protecting children or preventing child exploitation or on rape.  

It is very tempting to go on, because I had such little support, and as an example described above, at every possibility turn, my existence has been exploited and weaponised against me.  

If there is a particular data controller or data handler that is the problem, so if you need to stop being very honest about how you handle data within your political organisation. The way that this is done suggests that it is not just me.  

The details of my childhood sexual result have been doxxed, I have had racial letters for Jew written on my house, and I have been barricaded in any sort of support through administrative means.  

Who is the liaison point who is responsible? My MP will not answer me, but has plenty of time to go and podcasts. What is going on?  

It's all very simple if it's not to do with the party: you have seen what is possible for the BBC responding to Trump.  

Who precisely signed off the warrant, or is there not one?  

---

There is only [one male](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwm6HuJ/) who is even permitted to breathe near me right now.  

You're welcome.  

---

[Who I am post-Peter^2.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwmjAJ6/)  

Clearly there are people in the world better at judging my agro range than either of you idiots.  

It's so embarrassing that we couldn't just handle this via documentation. Admitting to being used by any of yoir friends is mortifying.  

---

[Lol.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwmT2fj/). 

I wonder why.  

---

The reason why you lads and lasses need to get your house in order re where the hell you're gettong political data from, is that coupled with what is going on online around MOPAC, around this instrumentalisation of grooming survivors, the US administration, and stakeholders who are early reactors to the Epstein legal mtrix, is because this all looks likeva number of you were set up to walk into a trap.  

Transparency and accountability are important because *either would have prevented this*.  

You are being fed contaminated data on purpose. Please get with the program.  

I'm nit suggesting everyone is ignorant. Partially, I'm trying to manage my degree of anger against my inability to run it off.  

Who provided [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwmvKAR/) policy portfolio?  

You need to source [who subpoenaed OpenAI](https://tech-ish.com/2025/07/27/chatgpt-lack-legal-privacy-protections/), and ask the current government enough wuestions to understand the precise circumstances in which [this MOU](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/memorandum-of-understanding-between-the-uk-and-openai-on-ai-opportunities) was very much *not* tendered.  

If the government insists that the MPS is handling, has a SG strategy been considered for all parties? (Or just the boys in suits?)  

---

And whoever is looking at a very particular profile of women's feet, that is leaking into my feed?  

I suggest you take a break, love.  

---

[😏🇺🇦](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQYUdW/)

---

I love how the current government's response to the media has essentially been, "[and fuck the free press](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQ7CpV/)".  

It doesn't really matter if you just don't like an outlet. That's what regulators are for.  

I have never believed that I was ever going to be in a position where I'd be genuinely defending the right of The Telegraph to exist, or be included in a national conversation, but this is absolutely ridiculous.  

It sounds like a bit of a reach, but this is how dictatorship, authoritarian rule, totalitarian rule, start.  

This is very classical authoritarianism, and it's an authoritarianism of what? It's not really left and it's not really right – it's this sort of middle ground authoritarianism where what is offered is enough to keep the public quiet.  

The entire organisation of today is something that the pressure should really look at, because even friendly outlets were controlled a lot, and look at how parliamentary process is supposed to happen for what the issue actually is.  

The reason that we were in a position where this conversation is even happening is because of a loss of confidence due to possible corruption, which includes stakeholders which are still operating with our public assets, you are still being paid by the taxpayer large amounts of money, where we don't have a public update for the criminal investigation, and for possible child sex trafficking being part of this story.  

The reason that that Prime Minister in particular it was vouch should move is because of a profound loss of confidence in leadership, but it is perhaps more honest to say that we are watching now the effects and the impacts of whoever it is who is really and was really giving us that leadership.  

I don't mean the public facing face, but whoever is steering from a strategic point of view, it's the same leadership that you've seen under the current Prime Minister, and therefore it will not meaningfully change under the new Prime Minister.  

Whatever that looks like, whether it's one person, whether it's a couple of people, it doesn't really matter because what we are witnessing is something which is not democratic which within the labour parties own processes, it's not democratic within our democracy, and it violates the constitution of the UK.  

One could say it's even violating the constitutional arrangement so much, that the King actually has the capacity to dissolve parliament.  

Regardless of whether or not that happens, it's important that we recognise that that's the level that it's at currently, that's how profoundly unusual the circumstances that we're looking at are.  

If this happened in 2010, would you have accepted it?  

---

Because this has been largely done through leaning on media contacts in terms of buying legitimacy, I can certainly see the network effects of [editorship briefing](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQWXEw/), which means other people internationally can certainly see it as well.  

A [less briefed](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQcFyv/) comparison.  

This means that anyone internationally can see how to legitimise or interfere with legitimation of our politics through these networks.  

I'm not sure if that is the most secure way of managing a country.  

---

The fun thing is that I can start to name a network of private individuals who are acting in resistance of this, even if it isn't a complicated way, and it's a weird list than you think.  

So just say we're all clear, there is some elite resistance to the Epstein network, it's just going to look a lot weirder than you think when you think who that would naturally be. I'm judging it on who has actually taken concrete actions, or resisted actions in a concrete manner, which actually looks like undermining the power of the Epstein network.  

They are not being obvious in public, probably for their own safety.  


But in case you were worrying from lower down the totem pole like we all are, there is resistance at the elite level.  

All humans are morally complicated, and we all do strange things, and I'm not saying that someone can't be held accountable for other actions.  

However, what I am saying, is that yes the resistance exists at all levels, and that should reassure you.  

---

Another interesting way of getting out of the British government exactly where their policy is coming from nowadays, is to get them to show the intelligence and policy research chain, including anything that they count as sentiment analysis ([and I'd be asking for the exact figures on that](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQXfgT/)) for why precisely why they went to be so obviously sanctions compliant towards Russia, at precisely the moment that they did go and board that tanker.  

I would like to point out this probably makes me *not* a Kremlin agent.  

Just in case you've done to me, what you've done to every other leftist Jew, very un-antisemitism. That never went badly for any Jewish people with any left ideals in the world ever, to conflate  them with being Russian assets and enemies of the state.  

Antisemitism? What antisemitism?  

I didn't know this, but apparently you can't be discriminatory towards the Jewish person, if that Jewish person has any problem with shooting Palestinians left, right, and centre.  

Who knew?  

I just thought that was taking the lessons of the past and not wanting to do a genocide. Apparently it's something that buys you a magical pass into No Antisemitism Land.  

You can tell this is British authoritarianism, because it's shit authoritarianism. It doesn't even have a bloody good suit. It's like a totalitarianism of middle managers; if Clippy became a dictator – a warlord teetering on DOS and 10 years of patch updates.  

This whole farce really is as if someone watched the thick of it and took it to be a [literal leadership guide](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwC1JwB/), rather than watching it as [stretching the humour to extremis](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQsFFB/).  

What's really interesting? Is that it would seem as if we are all understanding the social mechanics, but someone sees the suffering itself as being entertaining, rather than the entertainment being the sense of catharsis having the suffering acknowledged.  

That's not misunderstanding the social dynamics; that's having a radically different response to human pain than the majority, which is probably how it's translating into authoritarianism.  

---

[I think I really need this entire episode to be framed as I deliberate gathering of intelligence by law enforcement. I think that's the only way that I can stomach it.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwQq5JN/)  

---

Incidentally, I'm aware of who Malcolm Tucker is often compared to, and I'm also aware that whatever it is or whoever it is that is responsible for the harassment towards me, and their overlap to this building of power in the Labour Party, is scared of him. Not necessarily based on personality, more on effectiveness.  

Notice I've never actually said what my opinion of him is, I just know that they fear him.  

So I'm more than happy to flagrantly source the most compared satire character.  

I don't actually know the exact identity, because whenever I involve any digital forensics, cyber security, lawyers... whenever I even send an FOI or a SAR, there is significant interference and there has been for a number of years. It didn't start in the Midlands, but it significantly escalated once I was here.  

If you want to know how bad it is, how this has gone on for longer than I even understood, I was engaged until it came into public knowledge that there was some sort of family network connection between my then fiancé and Alistair Campbell, however vaguely. I was coerced into sex work after that point, and I'm not the only woman in this area who appears to have had similar exposure to similar methods. There is a fixation on dehumanising blonde women in care roles.  

People don't understand survival sex work, and they also don't understand how this isn't a problem of people falling in between the cracks, there are people who are close enough to the systems that should be handling that safeguarding, who know how to push people into those cracks. They know how to make it such that you can only choose from bad options.  

I have been moved away in the past from Sadiq Khan'a area, I've been moved away from Keir Starmer's area, both of these men have been MPs in areas where I lived or worked. That's not to say that they're perfect, it's to say that I can build up a profile of who this person or these people do or do not fear in the Labour party in particular.  

It's worth saying that sometimes the fear is probably the fear of what those people could be given the potential, rather than anything they've specifically done, and it's an interesting thing to watch how the same people are often given lots of opportunities and something in which does not necessarily help them realise their full potential, but it keeps them busy and away from problems that they could realistically fix.  

This is a cohort of people who are kept away from noticing how bad the cracks are, to use our earlier metaphor.  

If it's been done within this party, it's almost certainly possible to do within the other party, and essentially the way in which it is achieved always techniques which if we were talking about another country, we would talk about techniques of digital authoritarianism.  

That doesn't necessarily mean that that's exactly the system that's being used, because that system assumes far more cohesive large area cover, but the manner of doing this is a similar cluster of tools and techniques.  

By definition and by necessity, it relies on keeping failures alive. It relies on only making enough change to give the impression of change, but in order to keep the system active, you have to keep the very specific stack in a rickety position.  

This means that the same actors are a national security risk. It just might not be their direct intention, so much as a side effect of them having their own little train sat and keeping it to themselves.  

British governance tends to assume that other people will be handling their own portfolios, and will actually try to work towards their own agreement, which works for the vast majority of the time, it's just when you start getting these clusters of people for whom that is not their chief objective, then that is problematic.  

---

I appreciate that the normies don't necessarily know enough background on the tech bros to understand what's going on here, but if Peter Thiel is involved in Labour politics and Conservative politics (and he has been), one of the things that will be happening with Elon Musk, is that Elon Musk therefore cannot possibly resist starting to involve himself via Reform or Restore or through more ad lib actions, in part because if you are Elon Musk, and you have the history that you have with Peter Thiel, you cannot possibly resist winding up Peter Thiel.  

And as much as those are politics which play a game with bodies like mine being the expendable football, part of me can't hate it because I can see how much of a massive big red button you're being presented with, if that's who you are and that's the set up. I can understand why it becomes a huge temptation, if nothing else just to fuck with him.  

Elon Musk is like the living embodiment of a Reddit edgelord; it is literally too tempting to have someone wander around like Peter Thiel, being actually taken seriously, and not wanting the clown on him.  

Thiel is not magically any better than Musk, he has just managed to cultivate more respectability. The clowning therefore, is simply doing business. It is anti-authoritarian in its own confusing way. Like Mr. Blobby, but with internet infrastructure assets.  

---
