British men: "Putin is so good at infowars and psyops what are we going to do??!"  

Literally the same British men: "What do you mean, change the curriculum to match interntionally recognised norms of historicity? Are you mad? Capturing and maintaining a quarter of the world's land mass, subjecting local populations to merciless brutality and stealing all their cool stuff, on behalf of reasonably small domestic lobbies, was *obviously* just an act of our benevolence. No one needs propaganda to accept that, it's just that obvious."  

---

Westminster looking for suitably "and absolutely *fuck* Beriaesque behaviour" Russian SpADs rn:  

[NSFW](https://youtu.be/bP892a6Ltv8?is=8hn4xadKN4wqTAyn), because British dark humour is too much for softy squishy teddy bear dictators.  

---

In the last 72 hours, I've had a barrage of bills that have calculated out of the timing of normal CRM processes, inc a LGA. I've had no medical letters, my usual balance being that they should outnumber the bills (I do keep saying to people that my body is... adverse to privatisation-led pathways), I've had a lot of anomolous content (the examples which would be counted as engaging with something which is overly violent, are usually things which are current live domestic terrorism/CVE issues, but they are quite subtly presented so it's only by watching the entire video that you see that it's not an unbiased balance, it is a very edited clip of what the history is), I've had multiple errors on a number of applications most commonly on ChatGPT which is quite easy to exploit (interesting timing of the contract, given what we now know about that trial - this doesn't require a knowing board, but it does require a vulnerability, and we know that that product has some extremely easy to exploit ones for low-skilled actors; a beginner project in terms of pen tests), I've had search engine errors which I will give a screenshot of an example.  

So nothing has happened during this current period, everything is completely normal (actually, if I'm really serious, this is not that uncommon for me personally, it's just suddenly back in force after hawthorning for the most part).  

---

I will finish `🌖_6_Learning_The_Skies/🌈_Gold_Pot_Chasers` on a timescale suspiciously malleable to meeting my health reqs. 🤣🤷‍♀️ Idk man I argue with this thing several times a day. No use. She does what she wants.  

---

As I've been trying to change the "typos"/dictation failures on this post, I've had a number of point errors that require access to the same display that I can see as a user, or give a generous command access as a product. I'm going to describe what it feels like, but I'm not saying that it's intentional and I'm not saying that it's in any way not an automated process: The effect is almost like someone else is highlighting and deleting or switching elements around whilst you are also trying to correct and format the text. (It's very annoying.) The screen also moves up to the top of page during this time, making it harder as a user to get to what I need to get to to be able to reengage with fixing the typos.  

Bear in mind that these errors have been occurring on my accessibility tools for an extremely long time, but they are frequent whenever I deal with anything legal or financial, and how on earth do you explain that to any company? So I have this very strange situation where I just have to keep saying that I'm unwell, because it's easier than explaining why precisely I do not have access as a disabled woman, to what the technology manufacturers and software providers and operating system system providers *should* be giving me on my devices. It's not unreasonable to pay money for a product, especially when we pay quite a lot for our phones and our tablets and our computer computers, and expect their to be some degree of protection from activity like this.  

Your argument either has to be that the product is a failure and overpriced, and needs regulation and a discount, you need to accept responsibility as a state, and I would really ask whether or not this degree of interference was really achieving anything in terms of an operational goal if this is the case.  

We live in an age where we are more horrified by seeing political cartoons that display authoritarian leaders in pornographic terms in a way that diminishes them, then we are about the real violence that they commit, whether to their own people, to people outside of their jurisdiction, or indeed, as the public have frequently reminded the ruling class with references to the Epstein files, to children.  

When survivors expressed that they wanted less of a shock response from others that they were expected to emotionally manage, this was not quite what they had in mind. 

---

What I will note, is that whilst I have delivered disengagement a lot of different network contacts in order to try and minimise the potential harms (I'm not in a position to discuss the detail of that right now, just emotionally), during this period as well as during a period in I believe September 2025 (I may be slightly out in terms of timing, and I'm too tired to look it up right now), is that quite often when I go through these periods of unusual digital activity, at the same time, it's almost as if several different political topics will get raised in a way that appears to be either generating sentiment for analysis or appears to be testing water (A/B testing), or appears to be generating a potential swerve from whatever the course subject is.  

This is quite concerning from a leftist point of view in particular because this is the kind of stuff that the left finds it extremely difficult to unite and organise against *anyway*, because these are issues that require new ones and discussion and quite often this will all get posed at a time when there is a lot of emotional intensity, and the environment will be very much poised for a compressed and highly volatile response.  

I understand which companies in which contractors have the capacity to do this, and maybe motivated to do it.  

I really wish I had accepted my other offer in 2016. I would've been in London and whilst yes there is a lot of surveillance, it just feels like things are let loose in this area specifically.  

R&D at the cost of real humans, but with enough plausible deniability in between people that you can't see and call a spade for what it is.  

---

The alt right and far right in Europe need a reminder of what happened to fascists in 1945.  

I'm not saying it was okay, I'm not saying it was desirable. I am far more pro-"let's set up a court for that". But I can understand the rage. [The first chant is a serious one.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3UnoPo/)  

This is to make a small number of people who are already rich, richer, whilst we degrade our cultural identities and get poorer.  

---

[Awww!](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR3U3LfG/) The boys made a lil club!  

Shoutout to maia arson crimew.  

Apparantly they thought they were welcome to Dublin in summer? [(??!)](https://cybernews.com/news/peter-thiels-secret-society-leak-ai-disruption-cult-world-war-iii/)  

"Per the report, 222 registrants, of whom 87 are first-time attendees, are offered quite a diverse program, ranging from discussions on whether money buys happiness, how to prepare for World War III, how to build a cult or a party, and whether your sex life is good.". 

I feel like if you have to ask other manchildren, you might have your answer.  

(I would seriously recommend looking at that cyber news article, if you think that this is just a cute little thing that they're doing on the side. All of my biggest fans do it behind. tor browsers.)  

---
