If you wish to honour an artist –  

[Share](https://artreview.com/russian-artist-gunned-down-in-poland/) [his](https://m.vk.com/sckrepecky) [art](https://www.lifo.gr/blogs/almanac/i-alypiti-satira-toy-rosoy-skitsografoy-semyon-skrepetsky).  

Do not hand over power by whitewashing his legacy.  

Is it NSFW if it's "research"?  

It always baffles me when highly violent, morbid, quasi-pornographic art is distilled into, "criticising".  

Tell the story: what was so poigant that a state may have sought to assassinate an artist in exile?  

The impact of Russia's digital warfare campaign over the last 10 to 15 years, does mean that you will need to explain to people why you suspect a state or a regime. By allowing a toned down explanation, you are giving the bot response of, "don't believe it, they always say it's Russia", undue creedence.  

Any leadership who are genuinely so weak that they cannot allow their own populations to criticise a possible assassination on that basis from another party, is simply not strong enough to stay in government.  

May his memory be a blessing.  

The potential change of tactics from exotic poisonings, to overt firearms, is noted. Apparently, *something* is wearing thin. Vladimir Putin used to be a very patient figure; this was a man who would play a very long game. If this is an assassination, his relationship with time appears to have materially changed.  

--- 

"...precisely what about being compared to Stalin would you like to refute, Sir?"  

"[The future is now, дедок.](https://youtube.com/shorts/qF_4enEc4-M?is=ICh4Rk27IS-qKPjf)"  

<!--You wanted translation into British English, I am giving you British English.-->
Just remember, Vladimir Putin was bothered about Pussy Riot in pink balaclavas, before Donald Trump was bothered about pink pussy hats.  

This spectrum of acceptable masculinity is what is bringing down the birth rate, for your information.  

You are all a terrible example for young men.  

It was only a few days ago that the BBC run a story where women were essentially buying unregulated semen online, so it is not our fault – clearly we are trying.  

(Although, to give it to both of these men, Europeans in general do [register as very camp-coded](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR32muHQ/) to both.)  

---

Regarding title deeds (not even the threat to life):  

There's a "tap in, tap out" joke in [here](https://youtu.be/oLCbD4168v0?is=cnjWKzX77sIvhRMs) somewhere.  

Meanwhile, plumping to buy land which is available due to actions like what is criticised [here](https://youtube.com/shorts/74UNdwbyWnA?is=XWBdRq_sQM_JkydY) is going to the [ASA](https://youtube.com/shorts/-0Q_0a4NO7k?is=PNNw-2lUPK6X6Dra).  

I feel if Moshe Ya'alon is criticising how settlement activity is progressing, that may be a fair flag that something may need review.  

I do have to ask if there is a portion of "secret evidence" style national security briefing to the court, and the qc on that. The degree of fear and concern harboured appears real, but the conclusions versus the activity you see from this group on a surface level seem a little mismatched.  

One has to wonder the providence.  

There is a book I do keep meaning to read called "The Hammer Blow, and this is not the only example of similar actions in the UK. Vice also covered [this](https://youtu.be/DelofzqFFm8?is=vquUobbHCHPwza_b) story some years ago.  

I think what is most contestable to the British public generally, is how we have seen these actions not be treated under the terrorism label before, and yet now that we see more potential conflict of interest holdings, that seems to be accompanying the conversion of these from criminal damage sentencing to terrorism sentences.  

This could be completely coincidental, it could be not correlated at all, but the perception and the optics that this reflects on the UK government in general, not in a partisan way, is very damaging to government legitimacy.  

Further entrenches a lot of feeling in the working class that there is one rule for us and one rule for all of you, even if that is not true. One could say that we have the same recourse to justice, but when that is at significant cost, then in practical terms, we simply do not.  

It is not unfair to say that the lack of disclosure around contracts or legal decisions, particularly when they involve anyone close to government sources, has at least the appearance of breaking the social contract with the demos.  

Having come from an area where the arms trade with a significant part of what brought money into that city, there is a two-way street that is expected. We don't even have to acknowledge the later human rights concerns, to acknowledge that when we were a lot less exposed to international news, this is also impact because of industrial cost to the worker, as well as creating consent for the owners to take the significant profit that would arise.  

We are hearing a lot of people ask why the population seems "ungovernable", as if it is the fault of the demos. Sometimes we have to look at our own actions, and ask if anything that we might be doing might be considered antagonistic.  

As someone who grew up with a body that was recognised as female from birth, I do not accept that men are not capable of performing this reflection, although I recognise that you have been socialised to force the entirety of the risk management system onto us.  

---

[Russia. Bro. What is this.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c20yzm84r7lo)  

"[Jane and Alan] were sailing 23 miles off the coast of the Isle of Wight on Tuesday morning when they came into close contact with a Russian frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich.  

The warship fired into the UK-registered yacht's path, in what the Ministry of Defence has described as an "isolated incident" and not linked to the seizure of a Russian shadow fleet tanker in the Channel on Sunday.". 

Hear me out, guys:  

I think maybe the Russian government might have given a shit about that seizure of that tanker.  

Thank you to the Kremlin, for showing us what gives you a boo-boo.  

I'm starting to appreciate how you might have been a lot more bothered than anyone expected about people actually checking to make sure that our sanctions regime was effective and fully in place.  

Wow, I would so hate it if somebody audited that and found a load of money they can clear out.  

Interestingly, that is one of the things you can do with AI tooling. AI products were basically built for that kind of role. It's like having Excel macros on anabolic steroids.  
Just a thought.  

I mean, wow, I would totally hate it if the agentic AI blueprint by GCHQ included that.  

(This is why the entire conversation around AI at the moment sort of bothers me because there are really good uses for these products, just like there are far more sensible ways of building the infrastructure so, that it doesn't create what we currently have as hangover from not building robust and resilient electricity grid and Internet infrastructure the first time around, as well as not setting the Earth ablaze.)  

Anyways:  

*Русский военный корабль, иди нахуй.*  

I'm glad to see that apparently whatever was blocking Ukrainian content written with Cyrillic characters, appears to have been rectified. We can see you guys on FYP now. It had been a while.  

There are similar concerns in blocking individual Arabic characters, and this can essentially all mourning posts.  

---
