[Imagine not only claiming that CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood are the same thing](https://youtube.com/shorts/vPXX_WW7J7Q?is=Ju_77GvijANytRUs), but also claiming that either wants to come for *Florida*, as if it were the prize diamond in the crown of the United States.  

This rhetoric is from Project Esther – it's an alt-right think tank grift.  

The objective is to centralise and consolidate power of the American right, to keep the post-Regan political elite in politics. Jobs for mates.  

The MODA (IL) data which was used to try to "demonstrate" the linkages claimed is wildly biased, and requires invested belief that melanin is the sole driver of violent intent.  

Donations which would stop children in Gaza starving, would be reclassified as terrorism, presumably because Hamas is so desperate for fighters, that as soon as you are conceived, your little embryo self is now a terrorist. It is literally that level of absolutely crackers.  

The MODA risk index has previously been released weekly on the same weekday, making it incredibly obvious who is impacting risk classification of which diaspora communities, leading to "governance" via administrative strangulation.  

This is a terrible idea, and applied to peopke who are not acutely unwell from traumatisation, people who are elderly, caring for children, or who are disabled, it raises anger at the systems which appear opaque.  

Applying this method to young men and women in NI, presumably following claims of "success" with interesting statistics by Five Eyes partners?  

Not sure that's MI5's best plan, regarding decreasing likelihood of reactive violence.  

Hopefully that wasn't something it was doing prior to the recent riots. That would be embarrassing.  

Refusing to engage in trauma-informed practice is not just a choice based on not "cowering" to "softness"; using trauma-informed practice is pragmatic, especially when there is pre-existing generational trauma in communities whom one serves.  

---

[We have so many elected representatives who are extremely polite to abusive parties.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTV6ob1/)  

So many of the problems which we have today are, essentially, an old world which is dying, where we do not confront, and the new world, which is desperate to be born, where we do.  

It hasn't always been like this; we go through peaks and troughs.  

---

[Bestie.](https://www.tiktok.com/@naturenest016/video/7654947303274417430?_r=1&u_code=de0h21a4161j8j&preview_pb=0&sharer_language=en&_d=f3m28babh343k0&share_item_id=7654947303274417430&source=h5_m&timestamp=1782348908&item_author_type=2&utm_source=copy&share_enter_from=personal_homepage&tt_from=copy&enable_checksum=1&utm_medium=ios&share_link_id=04B45FCA-0C0A-4EE7-A8DA-CA1D01C1D0B4&user_id=6859985413177836549&sec_user_id=MS4wLjABAAAAB4tvkJG5XpiBfa0APoQVC1_SYh_H4v1PTuA-mVzCds8yYzcxxP3i-Do6Nj1W8-vu&utm_campaign=client_share&panel_source_v2=share_panel&ug_btm=b8727,b2878&social_share_type=0&link_reflow_popup_iteration_sharer=%7B%22follow_to_play_duration%22:-1,%22profile_clickable%22:1,%22dynamic_cover%22:1,%22click_empty_to_play%22:1%7D&share_app_id=1233&sp_root_share_link_id=04B45FCA-0C0A-4EE7-A8DA-CA1D01C1D0B4&sp_root_d=f3m28babh343k0&sp_level=1&sp_root_u=de0h21a4161j8j)  

It's an Oracle database, I imagine.  

I know where you're from. And I know who you've been hanging around with for 20 years. I know that your own staff tried to help me in 2014-16, and I know that you didn't like it and punished them and me.  

I don't think you are an invisible man.  

I think you're quite obvious.  

Would you like to explain the falconry reference to the audience?  

Because you fell for that one pretty quickly, and given that you have pretended to be at least three separate men to me recently, you forgot to include any reference to any of them. That would not be the first reference of any of those three men. From one of them, I don't think that would be the reference at all. I don't think he's into girls.  

I appreciate you are trying to frame this towards several different people, and I'm asking you, begging you, to please stop being so fucking embarrassing.  

You're not James Bond, you are a professional desk monkey.  

Can you please also stop pretending to be like five different foreign countries? It's actually making it quite difficult, to tell when there is any fuckery from those countries, because as we can see... ideas travel, and sometimes they travel from here.  

Please stop embarrassing the British state.  

Although I do have a question, given how much Venetian glass you have looked at today, what is your interest with [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTVLTyY/)?  

Too close to home?  

(Whilst I will admit that the eggs and bacon on toast was pretty good... you looked at a lot of fucking glass today. I'm not saying it's not pretty, I'm not saying it's not impressive, but it's a lot of fucking glass..)  
And let's be honest, Bestie...  

Your access privileges are pretty niche.  

Particularly for the fact that you're not that good at it, and that is part of the reason it got so much worse once my grandfather died.  

Because I don't know what GCHQ have done to you in the past, but you're clearly scared shitless of them.  

Oh, and in regard to what you are trying to farm, by revisiting the Rt Hon Shockat Adam's point so many times:  

His point is bothering you because you know he is right.  

I am not going to explain to you for free how to fix it. He has already explained it for you.  

---

[Are all of you corrupt or is it stupidity?](https://youtu.be/5L2o8FKJmJk?is=VuwC5dMg1SSpT8OC)  

I'll give the Zionists this: this entire thing is peak irony. If we ignore that the real cost of this comes as the blood of Palestinians, as you are all apparently want to do, then the irony of crying foul, when you have accepted so many bribes ("donations") in Westminster, is high irony.  

Any protections using the definition that you are all using of antisemitism, a type of racism, or essentially not going to exist in reality because you have lent Thorne them in order to make money through your political careers. There isn't going to be any good role left when we actually need it as Jews.  

Furthermore, some of you seem to be completely blind to conversation conversations about transparency or sanctions in any other area of life, or appear to be completely naive about this specific trade deals that we have together, or what the defence systems look like and why this is a bigger conversation than just some random country.  

The difference between the quality of argument presented, speaks for itself.  

I am disgusted, quite frankly, but in order to enrich ourselves from a process of genocide, you will use the theoretical protections of Jewish people in order to not have a conversation about fulfilling your obligations to Palestinians, in a country where we do have a number of British Palestinians, because of the tie under the British Mandate.  

I am disgusted that you are prepared to spend the Goodwill that may exist for the Jewish community, in order to cover any end or donations that you have, at a time when this isn't the only place we're talking about lobbying, because we are also talking about crypto, we are also talking about assumptions on other countries, we are also talking about genocide in other contexts and how this might impact our trade deals.  

The idea that the country that you accept money from is somehow singled out, is hideously ignorant of British positioning in the rest of the globe, and I don't know how you expect to attract investment into this country with that attitude.  

There are an awful lot of reasons why this is incredibly alarming to see, as the majority opinion is a consensus, at a time when our GDP has decreased since Brexit, and where there are significant undeveloped donestic markets (or markets that still have development potential).  

This is utterly embarrassing, and at a time when we still don't hear many of you actually condemn the war crimes that are recurring that are very visibly war crimes, it is concerning that you may hold ignorance for the law in that regard, and it is concerning that you are prepared to throw around identities is a various communities who are under threat in this country, at a time when that threat is becoming violent.  

I would be speechless, but I know too much about the last century.  

It's embarrassing, honestly. We need to start educating our ourselves, and we need to start getting a little bit smaller about this. We don't live in a bubble, we network into the rest of the world, and this can't be our eternal positioning, because of it drags on then yes we are going to end up electing a far right government into our own parliament.  
[This morning came two years ago, and the bombing of Iran only started this year.](https://youtube.com/shorts/1gfHWuUUFmQ?is=ISw27JdgWjvLpdzv)  

You can't say that you care about your electorate's cost of living, if you are openly taking money from a lobby that is pushing for more war at our expense as taxpayers, and which knocks onto a huge range of goods because of how trade and manufacturing work.  

Some of you need to start understanding where the money is actually coming from that you are taking in donations, because it is not necessarily representing either is Israeli people or Jewish people, but it is representing a specific group of industries.  

We might as well call it "bomb money".  

This is not to say that a portion of the money does not come in earnest from people who are talking about building a state on behalf of Israelis, but if you are in a mindset where that can only happen through violence with bombs, the money is bomb money.  

There is also just a slice of it that is arms industry money. It's defence tech money. It's surveillance industry money.  

Please get real with yourselves.  

Do you think that we pass a collection plate around every single Jewish person, just to make sure that special little you is the person who represents us?  

Don't you think we could do the job better ourselves?  

It's not "Jewish money", it's industry money.  

If you are going to take that money, please just call it bomb money. Just be honest about it. Please stop dragging me into it.  

If you can't do anything about the violence against our bodies in this country, why should I allow you to use my body as rhetoric so that you can get your payout?  

At any point, you could've just not dragged Jewish women into this, because "Jewish women who have ever spoken out about their rape" is a very small narrow group of people, and in the age that we live in, some of us were harvested for sentiment analysis during war time. That wasn't you, but you are the one making money, not me. I can't even get them men who still hang around to stop influencing quite how many dick references I get in my social media feed. Respectfully, stop using my body to justify your bribes.  

And just fucking call it, what it is: it is either genocide money, or it is bomb money. Stop promising you that you're going to do anything useful with it, when you're just taking it as an extra commission rate on your base pay, to say certain things for someone else.  

It's embarrassing.  

---

Before any of you even start, you are not somebody who is referred to in an intended insult via an emoji for a juice carton.  

I don't want to hear your apparent long speech about how clever your reasoning is, when I am referred to with a green box with a straw in it, for how I apparently rule the world.  

We are not living the same situation.  

---

- repeated prescription attempts are going missing during electronic transfer
- (This follows letters going missing from a specialist to the GP.).
- The majority of phone calls that I have today are very noisy and difficult to hear, and often dropping off

- wtf is this, man.

- update: v weird circs trying to sort this out. still awol as far as i am aware, unclear.

- last time i checked, all ED visits start at 350£ base with everything added, so don't want this to continue mia beyond cob.  

---

[Babe.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTsAcnA/)  

Also acknowledging I gave become the uncke that checks everyone's surnames. Oh dear. (Aware od the irony, here.)  

[✌️](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTsTkom/)

---

Right, lads.  

prescription so that continues, and someone appears to be trying to divert my attention to special branch (or that's just what being picked up with the data tie I don't know) but also Viking tattoos, I'm going to try and put some loads together so you can understand how to do that without coming across a racist Cunt, or without having a really badly done Jerusalem cross like Hrgseth. (because if you're trying to embody the Vikings, I can only imagine what you're trying to do is to make because of that attractive in the presentation of art on the body.) there's a very particular history as to why white supremacist use this mythology, and it's funny because it's basically them doing really bad research, and running with a really bad idea that they had over beers.  

Whoever is poking me for opinions on net zero, on specific bills going through Parliament currently (and there's a few with some "progressive" link), and whoever is trying to mind specifically for Burnham related opinion...  

I think I might require air-conditioning to get the correct temperature in order to think enough to be able to do any work.  

If you "can't" pay me, perhaps you could install AC.  

Or we could stop doing this.  

It's very annoying.  

However, if that is your commissioner that was in that clip we can talk about that later because he's not usually someone who explains things in that way, he's usually a lot clearer, and they suggest that whoever explained it to him didn't explain it properly. That's a problem.  

there is going to be an issue with there's been an interface layer between different stakeholders, which hasn't been challenging enough, I haven't been clearing enough, because that will only come out on discovery if mopac push in the slightest way.  

---

[Who respects anyone who shoots kids in their underpants?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTnXChB/)  

I'm not sure I can even begin with how many questions I have about this statement.  

Are you saying that every liberal democracy needs to shoot children in their underpants?  

I don't think it's me who's the weirdo here?  

Why do you always spend time supporting this activity? Why is it so precious to you? If not, because there is a lucrative donut lobby, for your bomb money?  

And please, if you're not going to call it genocide money, just call it bomb money.  

---


Sorry – [whose little snowflake arse thought Davos was "too woke"?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTWd54D/)  

Or have you seen the writing on the wall, and have moved ti parody yourselves?  

This is... quite something.  

Imagine having some power, it's still being down the totem pole enough, that you are this bothered and this invested in your entitlement.  

Fuck me. The dinner parties must be something else.  

---

i've started being able to break the LLM again, WHICH AFTER AN ENTIRE DAY OF MY PHONE NOT WORKING PROPERLY AND SEVERAL DAYS IN A PRESCRIPTION IS GOING MISSING INTO THE ETHER OF SOFTWARE THAT EXISTS, THAT NO ONE WANTS TO QUESTION, (I have no idea why the dictation did that, so I'm just going to leave it in - this is my life), it's not entirely unexpected.  

Apparently expressing the opinion that one can understand why human adults with a parental drive may be so angry as to express either agnostic or agree with violence towards child sex offenders?  

apparently, that is the real home and our society, not the actual rape of children.  

It would seem particularly sensitive also around certain individuals, certain portions of government, as well as trying to timeline the particular agreement that I experience as a teenager, especially with how that currently impacts my data which is holding government as an adult.  

Apparently tying in anything in security or defence, is a problem, even though that is where I was groomed, it's probably the vector of the classification, and is the way in which data and information about my case of being kept from me today, through Miss use of legislation.  

Andrew and Mandelson were not problems but existed or by themselves, not assisted by anyone else at all, and pretending that they are is absolutely ludicrous.  

I've been pressured for so much in the last couple of days, so much of it is conspiracy theory, so much of it is extremely nasty about specific figures, so much of it is extremely nasty on identity towards me specifically, and I'm just really tired.  

I'm finding the heat very difficult in part because I'm a disability, because of my missing medication, and the interaction between those two things.  

It might seem ridiculous that I keep talking about the possibility of having to go to ED, but that is something that has happened several times when I've gotten into situations like this, and at the moment, there is no party you can find out what is wrong with the system, it is somewhere between the layer that sends prescriptions at a GP surgery, and the layer would accept prescriptions at a pharmacy.  

Because I have limited mobility capacity, this is a bigger problem for me, because I can't just go out as easily as someone else and fix it manually.  

I don't have anyone around me you can do that job for me, because in the last few years, the degree of isolation that has been orchestrated is even worse, from the group of people who are responsible for the grooming that I experienced as a teenager, and who are responsible for what I'm going through today.  

I'm literally at the point where I give so little of a fuck, but I'm almost ready to just start naming people, and my understanding of the legal apparatus and how much that can be organised, is essentially the only thing stopping me.  

I know who these people are, and I've tried so many times to seek helping support through law enforcement and also political representation, both of which appear to be at least emotionally captured by the same group.  

Regardless of how ridiculous you think this sounds, I want you to really have a word with yourself about why we still have the problem a child sexual exploitation in this country, what the recommendations were in any of the reports and enquiries we have done, and also to really ask yourself whether or not you actually even believe Epstein's victims.  

to me, it is sounding very loudly like none of you still believe that anything that happened from any of these hyper abuse is wrong, and that you would rather have a world in which these people just disappear quietly, or get put on some diplomatic mission to somewhere else, rather than actually have a conversation about protecting children.  

That is exactly the same mindset which would've been in place in order for the correct institutional response to Prince Andrew, potentially being to encourage him to go abroad, why do you think he got sent on those diplomatic missions?  

I don't think it's because he was being a good boy.  

---

I find it really interesting, but the guy is essentially responsible for murders of where people at this point, and yet as his frailty progresses, [he is really leaning into Pride Month](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTWAuKm/).  

I'm not sure if he's aware that's what he's doing, but it is interesting to watch.  

These people were never scared of gay people.  

All they wanted was power.  

---

["You don't need a medical degree..."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRTnoKKg/)  

My friend, they took away mine, and even I know [you are all making a lot of children's lives unnecessarily political](https://bestpractice.bmj.com/topics/en-gb/1127).  

It's always fascinates me that I don't seem to see this amount of energy when it comes to punishing adults who oppose a bigger risk to children's lives.  

So I'm just never really sure that it's actually about the children.  

Some of us have incredibly traumatic teenagers, and I'm not saying that this person didn't, but ignoring any of the real things that I've got nothing to do with your opinions, but are to do with scientific fact, is not helping children.  

Also, hear me out:  

if we all think experimental drugs and surgeries are wrong, would you refuse an experimental heart surgery for a child?  

I'm really curious as to how many comes of therapies you would've refused, and how many transplants you would've refused, because they are essentially experimental.  

However, when it comes to increase likelihood of death by suicide, there's a lot of people who seem to think that that is absolutely fine to take a completely different approach to.  

I'm just asking for some political or philosophical consistency.  

Ignoring the fact that we live in a patriarchal world, and ignoring the fact that gender has always been more complicated than it is presented in a peri- and post-imperial context, is not the socialism so many of you seem to think you are doing.  

It might sound cruel of me to start to bring in sex offences towards children into this conversation, but when it comes to agency and children, there is a very clear area, where anything inside it, we still prioritise adult feelings and adult sensibilities over safety of children.  


---

Can someone please pick up the Donnie and Andy fan club, please?  

I've looked after them all day. Please come and collect.  

Their presence does wild thinks to what I get recommended online - please recognise that I might not want their recommendations.  

---
