[Declassified covered JAZA entry to the sale of stoken land](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcwmErw/): several sites are explicitly illegal to sell under international as well as UK law.  

This is someone with an army selling your house.  

---

[Is this why we got a sudden and controversial policy announcement this morning, which may not actually assist with harm reduction?](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2026/jun/15/ban-on-palestine-action-was-lawful-court-of-appeal-rules)  

Initially I did wonder if we were embarrassed about [this](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c932gpk2l1do) specific rise in violence.  

[The rationale](https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/uk-court-appeal-rules-favour-government-ban-palestine-action-uk-court-appeal-overturns) from the bench sounds fairly idealistic - assuming proscription "not prevent public expressions of support for the Palestinian cause or opposition to Israel and to the Israel Defense Forces, or demonstrations targeted at Elbit", when [the demonstration against illegal sales from Sunday includes this statement](https://www.newarab.com/news/london-police-using-israel-army-tactics-real-estate-protest): "'A comrade who had just been on a protective presence trip to the West Bank noted it felt like the Met police were using Israeli army tactics, by targeting peaceful protesters and not the instigators of the violence, who were the Zionist counter-protesters,' Leora, a member of Jewish Anti-Zionist Action who attended the demonstration, told The New Arab".  

Thank you, Labour, for confirming your current priorities are to protect arms capital and illegal property sales (which you now dissuade under your own sanctioning advice) over preventing risk of genocide, and confirmation that British Palestinians and British Jews are not "enough" for you to be motivated to protect.  

Unless they agree with you, if they are Jews - then they might be able to tempt your protection. If they are Palestinian? You appear to be happy to normalise their second-class status under the reality of how these instruments operate in practice.  

I hope we are not trying to risk-balance against the required and legally appropriate investigation into how to address the 32 charities which are reported to have given at least £28 million in funding, and therefore [if gift aid were claimed against the donations in the usual way, it would mean taxpayers had subsidised illegal settlements to the tune of £5.6m](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2026/jun/10/charities-in-england-and-wales-donate-millions-to-israeli-settlements).    

I hope we are not looking at balancing a stakeholder who is a financial incrntive, over actually governing or actually upholding the laws of the United Kingdom.  
Given that we are still under orders, individually and as a state, to uphold concerns of the potential breaches of the convention for the protection against genocide in respect to the Palestinian people, can we appreciate how this looks a lot like the Britain's hesitant, slow, racist, and "but what does this mean for ensuring US military support" to the Holocaust, and how that in itself is deeply traumatic?  

Oh, and don't even get me started on the abdication of duty to cohesion that [this](https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn0plkd4wdno) represents.  

I had made significant online notes about this, but I imagine PSED and TIP are not at the forefront of the current Government's concern.  

My embarrassment comes more from being British today, than I have ever experienced from being a British Jew; I am mortified that I belong to a country that drags its feet on basic genocide prevention.  

This is all terrible for our image internationally, inceidentally: we are reading to a huge majority of the world as the aggressor.  

We can probably kiss that Royal Household aurafarming potential goodbye.  

Incidentally, [this](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c8r2l352z2do) never went near the area of proscription.  

Apparantly, you can torch the PM's house if you're a fake Russian-linked operation allegedly paying for arson, mosque vandalism, intimidation, and communal provocation – and that is not terrorism. You'll just face criminal damage charges.  
(Presumably, British Muslims must "not" feel the emotion of "terror" set forth in the relevant legal instrument. Presumably this may be alike to how some medical textbooks still assert that black people do "not" feel pain as white people do. I can assure you that anyone in a sickle crisis does not need to hear that vile racist horseshit.)  

Which given the history of actions in the UK which are the inspiration for Palestine Action's activities, having the legal precedant of being handled as criminal damage cases, even when they have historically far more consistantly targeted UK armed forces aircraft, at higher expense to the taxpayer, is quite remarkable.  

There is no way to resist genocide in the UK lawfully, unless you are nice and polite and fill in forms and never get smeared or misclassified. It's lucky we don't rely on any automated systems and that no one with interest in acting in violation of the ICJ orders has any cyber capability. Then we'd be in a real pickle.  

[Nothing to see, here.](https://www.timesofisrael.com/pentagon-raised-threat-assessment-of-israeli-spying-on-us-to-critical-level-report/) Carry on.  

I am so glad that the bill of the ICJ case to explain the UK's actions, and any ICJ-ordered financial reparations, will be picked up by UK taxpayers.  

I am so glad so many political parties have accepted lobby money over this issue, that *we* will be picking up the bill for.  

(Some of you need a financial anchor, I have noticed.)  

---

"Why do you have to invoke the Holocaust?"  

1. It was what came to mind.
2. The Holocaust was invoked to tell me about how "collective punishment was a good idea actually" by this government and others, and the rape of Jewish woman was narrates in graphic detail. I assume you can take what you dish out.

---
---

[This is why the Ukraine are the hot ones.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcTF9WS/); "being a shitty person doesn't make someone a legitimate target under international law".  

---

Unfortunately, mixed in with the AI Ukrainian cats videos, alongside a lot of very strange narrative dressed up as fortune telling, I keep getting repeated PIRA videos. I don't know why this is. I have not asked for this content.  

The styling of this means that even if they are documenting the history from a peoples perspective, they can be misread by automation, and given that I may already be misclassified for the reasons, I'm trying not to complicate the issue. This does mean that sometimes I've automatically reacted to something and changed it.  

I bookmark most videos that come up, because I have such strange algorithmic placement; I keep this as a record, but I am aware that it counts as engagement on an application. I have balanced this.  

---

[Clarifying the history of the WPSU and bombs.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcwybbF/)  

I would respect the middle and upper classes more, if they stopped whitewashing the liberation struggle in this country.  

The suffragettes recognised, in a way that the suffragists disagreed with, that vert violence was likely to increase pressure on the men who controlled the state.  

I don't know how to tell you this, but the suffrage of women in this country, which paved the way for the rights that you enjoy today which are currently under threat, was won in no small part by violence.  

You may not agree with that, we can have a long conversation about whether or not it was necessary, but what we must recognise is that that is how you enjoy the rights and freedoms that you have today.  

For men, that includes what you enjoyed growing up, not seeing the direct subjugation of women and servants in your own house.  

It is outrageous to diminish what those women gave up and what they risked, so that we might enjoy freedom today.  

[It is not a minority option; it is not just one or two voices.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcwbAsp/)  

Does anyone remember that story about when the suffragettes tried to bomb the Prime Minister, and essentially he was alive because he wasn't at that particular house of his? Did we get the same history lessons at school?  

---

Different note:  

[This](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcKK9Rt/), both the video and comments, is a useful marker of, "actually, the whole antisemitism business of normal people can and is improving".  

There is a lot of antisemitism: bear with me.  

- the video is not, just, "hey this is weird and kinda neat"
  - that is good on the internet; stick with it  
- most of the actual racism is very basic  
  - this means it aint nuanced or deep  
  - the racism is also partially anti-Muslim
  - this all looks like the general shape of online racism - it's not great but bot activity isn't as overwhelming, and there's still a convo around it
 - people tend to police racism against Jews when it's just assholes, abd you can see that's done better for us than for Muslim commenters who are being pkeasent to us  
- the bit that requires more prodfing in future, is this bit around inherent apparant dishonesty and trickery
  - this is actually easy to respond to: "bro you rly think we believe g-d doesn't notice?", "the talmud gets to the fishing line by starting a big, 'okay but hear me out -'"
  - being seen to be able to take it, especialky when it's nusiance behaviour from edgelords, is more powerful online than being seen to go on a defence  
  - defence or aggression stops the edgelord from looking like the obvious edgelord. allow them to look like an edgelord. let them show off that cheeky little fedora.
- this is also an interesting marker of a number of people pointing to this and saying, "oh hey, my neighbourhood has this too!", and show solidarity with us

It's an interesting observation post. It does not need endless policing.  

A more helpful thing is to like/upvote people who are defending us. This promotes their engagement and teaches the algorithm that that is desired behaviour. It's better to positive-interact with anything good or just normal curiosity, than touch the weirdos being like "✂️", like we're not going to notice a limp piece of line drifting in the wind. Wow. Such genius. 🤣  

And yeah: I don't only live in areas with these, but yeah: I do think you should let Orthodox communities live in peace and have this bare minimum adjustment.  

Always remember: the same accounts which come after Muslims, and also accounts that come after Jews. It is literally that obvious online, so the algoritgm will mathematically favour solidarity.  

Same accounts go for anyone who "can" be targeted; mathematics and models will pick it up if we stand united.  

As comparison: [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcEMeMf/) is a better example of what farmed comments taking over a comments section look like.  

They read like the the seagulls in Finding Nemo: lots of repeats.  

For that to be the *only* comments early on means no ground is available psychologically for people to be pleasent.  

I mean, it doesn't stop you, but it significantly deters most people.  

The end objective is a kind of ratio-like effect and muting of opinions. That's how it impacts the Overton window.  

[This](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRcESoTN/) has a less impacted comments section. Think about what your default comment might be in each.  

---
