If political and defence partners just want to take my advice on media presentation, but doesn't want to treat me like a citizen where it owes any responsibility, can I at least ask that anyone who's used the content? Just chuck me a fiver? [Thx.](https://ko-fi.com/josefsbreakfast)  

I'm willing to bet on the fact that that doesn't happen from anyone, and with matrix of thousands of years, that is not natural on the Internet.  

I don't even understand why some of you are still so scared.  

---
 
 if the man would like some ideas on how this doesn't even have to be a leak from themselves, but can essentially be the case that via us all not trusting each other and not speaking together properly, this could be outside information, I'm happy to give that.  

 For example, the IRGC said that it had the Epstein files and that it had hacked into the Pentagon, it doesn't trust Israel, and because of Russia's movements, it doesn't fully trust Russia. It has a far better relationship with China.  

 Now I would like to point out that I am not in favour of the authoritarian regime, I am more interested in people having real power rather than for example this fake devolution shit.  

 (i'm not shitting on all devolution before anyone starts in year Scotland or Wales, I'm saying that what we get promised isn't what we get.)  

 We'll know that I'm not listening to it and I'm not seen as legitimate, and I am being instrumentally kept out of contact with meaningful support within the UK government, and that there is this assumption or smear that I am not state aligned for whatever reason, however, a number of bodies don't want to speak openly about it .  

 When you do this to someone in the United Kingdom that puts them at risk, because if there's any link at all to anything at the Epstein files, and if you were accompany that has been named as an IGC target, this is a fantastic opportunity in information warfare.  

 I've said it about several people who I was considered dictators and I've said it about several people that I would consider authoritarian regimes, but I do have to recognise good game. I'm not one of those people who's going to pretend a nuclear warhead does no damage, just because it's owned by somebody else.  

 I also know that I spend a lot of time receiving what would broadly be termed as prompts to disclose more or prompts to embarrass more or prompts to escalate in legal risk, and that it's really because I'm trying to keep some sense of what's going on that I'm not acting on those, I'm trying to be very rational about it. They are however sometimes very subtle, sometimes very emotionally powerful, and I can see how they would be very effective towards most people. If you don't have the understanding from age that this is a manner in which you can influence people, I can see how you would fall for it very easily.  

 I also don't want to undermine the fact that a lot of this could be accountability work or it could be from other parties or it could simply be commercial, it can be a lot of very boring things.  

 I also think that we can use this as a point to illustrate how authoritarian regimes can be offensive in their information technology regime, and how these parties can undermine democracy, in a way that we are not yet prepared for in the west.  

 I don't know who the actor or actors are who are causing a problem for me to interact with the government or interact with stakeholders, but I'm essentially in a position where I can do a lot of legal damage should I wish to, but there isn't actually evidence that that definitely all comes from in the house, and there isn't good evidence to say that it comes from any specific party, in fact it's being done at quite a advanced level(some of it anyway, some of it is incredibly amateur, and probably more like an individual man having a weird thing).  

 this is why linear models do not work in the information age, because this could be a number of different parties, and it can even be layers of things at different levels, it can be various levels of depersonalised, but once you start creating discriminatory systems you start creating very malleable parts of the population whose needs are not being met, or who are experiencing at a necessarily harsh experience of citizenship.  

 I need my government to start protecting me if they want me to do anything useful with this information. Partially because I need to understand whether or not you are going to present as an adverse party in legal action. specifically because you have treated so many people including people like me in the last few years, I genuinely don't know whether I need to consider you as being on side and supportive of my rights, or as adverse to the idea of the existing as a person because of my identity. I genuinely don't know, and that's the reality that's been created and what I'm experiencing in the digital environment. I've already told you that my health records my police records legal risk towards me financial information on me so many different things I've been weaponised, in approvable way that you can audit.  

 our Chihuahua I will have different experiences of essentially being emotionally coached into certain degrees of action, and there are several different regimes and several different private bodies who are invested in that kind of information technology, and use it towards diaspora populations.  

 I don't know whether or not you are completely ignorant of the risks, whether you are bored by one side, or whether you even understand that either of them are doing it well both of them are doing it in a proxy manner towards each other on your territory.  

 I don't have a clear idea what's going on, but I am happy to talk to someone, subject to having some safeguarding. It's just to do so you might have to acknowledge that I might be targeted by a regime that would normally be considered an eye of the United Kingdom.  

 Given that I'm part of the Russia data stream, can we possibly consider that it might not be so crazy, to potentially think about what safety might look like that wouldn't stop with just me, there have been people targeted based on their relationships to me, and we know this is something that authoritarian regimes do, the times run a piece about how China does it, and how it targets people have interest to it in this country, that's part of its whole argument about the Chinese embassy and this large piece of land that they want.  

 You can't have your cake and eat it, you can't be a war walk only for the little flags you want, you need to be able to work from values and standards.  

 I'm not meaning to do this in a careless way, but because I need to start drawing your attention to it, there does appear to be an overnight between the university I was kicked out of, the MOD in this country, and a nonprofit which operates partially as a limited company and partially as a charity. I am aware that they may have been an amount of work done in terms of how I expressed my views around the students encampment in 2024. I am aware that some data transferred to the US might have happened. I need us to start looking at this as a problem that we work together on, as parties who want to protect our country, and not as adversaries to each other.  

 A lot of it would solve a lot of your domestic issues, a number of your overseas issues, and an amount of your data issues, so I do feel that there are three distinct parties outside of the MOD that might want to have a conversation about it. That's before we get onto whatever the fuck is going on in Westminster.  

I am aware that there are some potentially very embarrassing elements from this, which I'm not going to directly name right now, that are far more embarrassing to be connected to a story if I don't speak to someone for me risk management angle first. I am requesting safeguarding from my government. Given that you redirected the expert legal firm that would have handled surveillance misuse, they obviously is someone who does know that this would've been a good thing to use and could reconnect, and it became so localised in telecommunications disruption that I was not even able to get to a law firm within my own region who could then refer me on.  

If any of this comes from a religious community perspective, I can understand how we have all gotten into a very strange place in terms of how we have been wound up from the outside, and I need you to park that for a second, and think critically about the security issue here. I need us to start working from the same sheet, which would be the law of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.  

I just need the tiniest bit of common sense to be applied.  

I have been encouraged in the last year to make extremely personal attack against the Prime Minister, to make extremely personal sexual remarks about several ministers, I have said none of these things, because I have recognised that it is far more likely that it is an information campaign that target someone as data subject in the diaspora who resides in the United Kingdom and is a citizen of Great Britain, then it is likely to be a real information relationship that I am seeing represented in front of me on the screen.  

It's only because I know so much about how we are police in the diaspora, that I was able to recognise a lot of this as being potentially fractious, although done to a fairly advanced level in some cases.  

I am sitting on a lot of useful information, that I have not entered into a computer system, because I'm trying not to increase risk unnecessarily to other people.  

I'm aware that sounds absolutely mad, but at the same time, a number of parties are most likely to be involved day much less personal level, and unlikely to have known the full extent of watch the risk management or PR management would've been, our refusing to speak to me under therefore out of lawful compliance with the data rates that they should be giving, and that they should be forthcoming with.  

This includes the home office, for example, it includes MI5 for example. If what we are trying to avoid as embarrassment because something has gone a little bit wrong, I would like to point out that someone has been trying to make it go much more wrong, I have just been trying to keep shit together. I appreciate that I don't always look like I'm doing that, but I am under an incredible amount of psychological pressure via what is happening to me, and I am physically disabled in a way that makes it extremely difficult to arrange health and support in the situation I am in.  I will repeat for the millionth time that I don't have secure access to the NHS, and that Mental Health law has already been attempted to be used inappropriately, and only last week there was significant data non-synchrony, that led to harms.  

I should not have to start writing things in a way that increases specific stakeholders legal risk, in order to have very basic access to services, but this is now becoming a regular recurrence and I need the British government to start putting their thinking cap on.  

if this is happening to a few people in my area, it's happening across the country, and it's highly likely to be happening to different political groups different demographics, different target clusters.  

Some of it could be just we want to make more money out of this some of it could be more nefarious, the point is that it's unsafe. Thank you to 14 years of the conservative party.

---

what I really love from all of this is whoever was so short cited that they thought oh this woman has reported what is an attempt to sexually slander a current serving officer in the MOD, I know what we'll do, we'll only settle with him, will only make his life easier, but we're going to make her life worse, or at the very least do nothing so that she's even more exposed to the source of danger

Because of course when that happens when someone turns around and says hey this guy didn't sexual assault me I don't understand what's going on here, what the person who was setting that guy up once out of the scenario, is now definitely going to be to just leave that woman alone and not punish her

Some of you really don't understand how coerced control of sexualised violence works and my fucking got it shouts loudly from the rooftops

Bring back Jess Philips and just put her in charge of everything at this point

I don't care she's only good at some things, as a woman in my position, if you don't have a woman like that insignificant authority, there is just no way that I'm going to get any rights at all

The men could be offered some magic beans and they would just be selling my womb with the legs attached

That's essentially what a couple of conservative cabinets ago did for the NHS data contract, so it should hardly be surprising that the current one went ohhhh magic beans you say??  

---

do you know what is quite offensive to regimes who are protofascist?  

White passing Jewish women having the goal to say that a brown man didn't rape her. Especially if the brown man they're trying to take out, is a brown man with shiny things on his uniform.  

Kindly can someone find those fucking emails.  

---

Honestly, [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwCErQ9/) is the actual substance of what my entire feed should be. If we're just going on engagement, this would honestly be about 70% of the thing.  

I'm also aware that this probably comes from more than one male party, but things have gotten this out of hand, I am obviously very aware of how sexualised my particular identity has come and have politicise it has become. I am also deeply aware of how being a blonde woman with a baby face, who is the poster child for a very specific westernised, white supremacist to view of what women should look like, ideally when they are far too young to consent or no better, how that is using pornography commonly in the modern era, all contribute to attracting a various specific type of person to be interested in demonstrating a sense of control over my body.  

I am aware that there is more than one man in the world who has that character, and that disposition.  

I am not unreasonable about the fact that I don't know for definite which bits belong to which parties, but I am asking the men to think about more than their penis for two fucking seconds and think about collective western security.  

Just for two seconds, just until we've got a plan, and then you can go back to touch touching your dicks.  

honestly, how western civilisation has lasted this long, is a miracle within itself.  

It really shows how much you lean on the rest of us in order to get absolutely anything done.  

---

Bosnia has [the correct attitude](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwXRhhb/).  

Incidentally, my series of nodes at the moment is going to be around DR Congo.  

It's only because I got that bothered, because I was having that many clips put into my feed of SS Regalia, when what I was trying to do was look at the trends around not just the Congolese team but also around some of the friends with African teams which are getting Merch together in the feeds, that I got angry enough that I needed to vent at very boring and very old white men.  

I was kinda like to request, but whoever is having an impact on the information environment that I'm in, does as a minimal amount of pissing me off today as possible.  

It's Black Leopards or go home. Whole day.  

🐆🇨🇩  

and I'm sorry, but if your family didn't see every cultural spectacle as an opportunity to teach you about musical history or contenious geopolitics and war, however inaccurate that was, then we were just raised differently.  

---

Honestly, for how many times I've been unsubscribed all my favourites have been uncountered, Larry Ellison and Bibi Netanyahu personally owe me [the tickets](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwXYYPF/).  

Leave Morni on, or I will get an awful lot more personally annoying.  

...who *is* Daddy?  

For example.  

---

[also acceptable content.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwXejNG/)  

my generation British nerds made the core of anglophone Internet culture; I don't know what more to tell you.  

---

When I asked the cabinet for help, and coincidentally half the NHS asked if my dad's dad was Jewish, so obviously [I laughed in Jewish](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwgH8PG/).  

That did reinforce my hunch that whoever labour friends of Israel was, it probably wasn't just a great cultural exchange, and probably wasn't Jewish.  

---

[going for multi-person companies as a new one.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwgut8V/)  

Prior to now, I've only seen them go for small traders, so that it's more deniable.  

is the arms industry okay today?  

You seemed so cocky before now.  

What changed?  

on a serious note, if the elite class starts restricting access to resource control, you do all appreciate what the poors will then do, yes?  

or are you just testing out how bad it can get?  

I literally don't see what the logic is here.  

---

so after a morning of being unable to be contacted by other people, where they just couldn't get through, I then had one phone call that was kind of okay and then one phone call that kept faltering in a way that didn't seem like bad signal.  

I then had a out of the blue call from a social care service, really just to confirm that yes I'm on an extremely long waiting list, and something that should probably be pointed out that if this is somebody's idea of safeguarding, because I don't match the needs of the urgent service, you have still chosen an avenue that will deny me immediate relief for longer, potentially up to a year, because you don't want to answer an information request which should be a very simple task with a government office.  

This doesn't meet the lawful criteria for what you were trying to cover for legally, so if you're trying to balance up legal risk, you are failing to do so within the legal norms of the UK, and the potential tort would recognise that.  

Just hypothetically, if that's what was going on here, without repeating my entire medical history online, this is not meeting the definition of appropriate safeguarding.  

I find it really interesting that this is essential comes after being able to demonstrate Providence where my labour is being used for free and without my permission through the labour party at least, but potentially through a more general data harvester, and also the fact that it would appear that the wrong CPS code has been used to tell me that my case should be okay with the CPS, in a scenario where I have had the effects of being heavily doxxed, including of trial trial details.  

That looks an awful lot like the government hasn't really done enough.  

I also recognise that it might be completely coincidental that I've had over all these problems this morning, but what more do you expect me to do, than to state that if this is someone attempting to put together safety netting, the safety netting is not a net. It has extremely large holes in it.  

I do really love that after the 2024 case that I gave a statement for, it was like every single nerve ending I could possibly have had exposed was sat on fire, in a way that suggested that we all didn't understand how to make my diagnosis so much worse for me, and now that there is any possibility of being tied back to any organisation, all of a sudden we are trying to pretend that we understand anything about what means the legal criteria is having done the bare minimum for a disabled person.  

I also realise that I'm speaking to people potentially who have private health insurance, or might pay for their healthcare privately outright, and I feel like that is really limiting your understanding of what I am going to be faced with if you give a bare minimum access response.  

I can't decide whether or not what I'm looking at is stupidity or incompetence or deliberate negligence, or all three.  

you don't get to both harms and morning in a way that would extremely disable them by their specific medical diagnosis and also at the same time not give even the bare minimum of what help they need, and call that having done your job.  

I'm being extremely clear about this in case it is just ignorance, but also because this is a documentation record, Polaris protocol has essentially always been a way of documenting what has been going on, with timestamps that you can't alter, so that if tort was raised, the experience at the time can be exceptionally clear.  

if this is because the information is fragmented, and not everyone is getting the same information as is trying to organise something, that is again a problem of systems design. It astound me that you've all made your money of taking our public data and using it to your heart's content in research and development for data products, and you're still not able to make that workable before you're given extremely large contracts for military planning.  

Personally, I wouldn't really trust the same people who've dealt with this case data to be anywhere near anything which sounded nuclear always sounded mechanical. It feels like letting toddlers run round a lab.  

---

Attaching some specific screenshots re  [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwWbWRp/) story, because all it shows is everything we already understood with the public domain as working class analysis, contextualised by "and maybe someone did a little session retraining chatgpt on US law a few days ago.  

These are second order effects which suggest current WH crisis response (which they are in constantly in, because they lack narrative control as fascists, and for fascists that *is* crisis) is stringly LLM-led, with chatgpt as heavy narrative product in use.  

This makes the WH *exceptionally weak* to foreign interference, currently, without it needing to be any more nuanced tham "foreigner literally just chats with chatbot, with no expectation of data meaning anyone to anyone else.  

Good to know these racists are as switched off as previous iterations of racists.  

This means they are losing narrative control even before, 🎶"Your government is run by paedophiles...."🎶  

I know so many will hate me for not hating that more, but it's a bop, and I have a very hip-hop flavoured attitude to being insulted; if it's good, if it's funny – idk man I'm likely to allow it.  

also to put this action of the United States administration into context, there was a recent ad about military leadership from an admiral that you're gonna need to read.  

The fascist circumflex concerned that there is a coup, because the fascists are currently in the "eating each other alive" phase.  

This is how fascist tend to burn themselves out before they actually cement power in an absolute and total way.  

This is not an uncommon way in which fascist regimes stop being fascist, and it doesn't mean that your entire job is done once they're out of power, but it is the light at the end of the tunnel.  

The general terror and they grip on power will only be more scrabbling and more violent, until in G-d's good time, the new world will grant freedom and future to the old.  

---

DR Congo – I am still working on this.  

🐆🇨🇩  

---

and circling back to weird and following on social media that appear to be on a machine level, or a human in the loop, because apparently the entire reality that we're living in is just one big loop at the moment (thanks to the "ai" heads):  
[welp i might be able to get the cry i need out now](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwWCKD6/), despite my usual emotional deadness, intermittantly breached only by anger.  

don't come for my favs like that.  

---

[bros.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwWxv7E/)  
it's almost as if the US government is on a specific mission to make me cooler and more relevant with every passing day.  

I liked that wellcome collection exhibit on this, and Emma Goldman is a babe.  

You're just hate witches and Jewish women. And to you, those are two deeply intersecting groups.  

I cast our minds back to what happened after I produced [this](https://shazurbaba.wordpress.com/).  

"she is a terrorist!"  

No, she's just practising her millenia-old, globally-recognised religion in public, Steve.  

my understanding was that your entire country was formed on the basis of being angry about the church and state being synonymous in European countries?  

is it like freedom of religion, but not like this?  

it all goes back to counting wheat.  

🌾  

do you tell me more about how you alone can keep Jews safe?  

---

The mood of the White House doesn't seem to have a lot to do with [these particular types of bots that UK people keep having in their comments](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwWVQ1C/), and in particular anyone who is not white in the UK.  

I'm not saying that we don't have our fair share of racist, and that some of these people aren't just our racists, but I am also saying that this is such a bad and so obvious and attempted an influencer, that it barely counts. It's just harassment with money.  

The British government might feel awkward about telling you ought to fuck off, but if you needed to hear it: the particular Nazi is empower in America, can fuck right off.  

---

[Btw](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwWtXkb/), not only as this ridiculous, but the advisor that we are talking about is on my long list of, "I tried to contact you, and you didn't even safety net, a Jewish woman who was being harassed by physical intimidation, where the harassment may be overlaid by some legitimate state activity or was being misclassified or was abuse of powers".   

So thanks Jonathan, deeply appreciate it.  
istg these men all have one of like 5 names total.  

The interesting thing about this is, is that it essentially criminals People wants the information to put it in their hands, and sometimes we don't get the choice from where we accept information, sometimes we have to work out information is bad or wrong, and then reject it.  

I'm not even gonna bother explaining this logic because it just gets so silly so quickly.  

---
