I'm starting to experience internet traffic, which has previously surrounded inappropriate safeguarding referrals, which have then stopped access to usful services.  

If someone starts saying someone else is experiencing "manic psychosis", if that person is not Cons (and usually with a subspecialty), be minded that that is not clinically-native grammar, let alone a diagnosis.  

In the past, I have discussed my concerns around a real medical risk which exists for me in late peripartum or postpartum envirnoments. This has previously been part of why I waited to try to conceive, so I could plan for extra time off. The risk is very snall, but seeing my genetic father when he was ill was very impactful. I saw him receive older treatments. It was not pleasent.  

My father is currently serving 16 years for raping me as a child. This connection to the subject males it particularly painful.  

Please know that if this is brought up to you, this is disclosing some extremely private and intimate details of my life.  

I have been upfront that I am writing in a way which has different levels and coded language for different audiences, and I work on a "hot" area of policy, writing as a woman who is racialised in a way which far-right actors believe I am vermin. They would belief that if I was the best, most well-presented person ever; the same group of actors just gave very nasty beliefs about some of us, based in racism.  

What I write about, and have wrotren and worked on in other forums for several years now, is an area where people who are critical of certain governments and people and companies, can face negetive consequences. Not because it is right, not because it is fair, but often to incentivise changing our behaviour. Sometimes, it is to make a point to others.  

This makes reasonable due diligence important, if anything is flagged.  

---
