1. the algorithm/the surveillance bros fed me "its so hard to read you" content yesterday.  
2. i responded with reposting dozens of "period day 2 memes".  
3. less "so hard to read", now much fluffier content with some period apps and wedding dresses. (it's having a weird time with marriage and romance recently, with a 50/50 split of each extreme view on specifically what i as a user should do in my life. this is annoying but well within "being a woman in her 30s in general society", never mind the internet. probably a meta essay in there tbh.)  
4. i am enjoying the current batch of "oh okay let's not deliberately aggrevate you" observation; this is acceptable. if you're not actively contributing literal cups of tea, i'm not here to be lectured about how "we cant just get rid of the men". let me be mad they get out of this in peace. (i suspect this has somehow been coded as "radicalised behaviour" by the discount bin surveillance dudes, because they aren't and haven't managed to get close enough to a woman to understand that some of us do have bad periods and society is kind of build for people to never have them at all. apoarantly i am very scary; most people would understand that you just throw chocolate and cat memes at me and give me something to scold my skin and im fine.)  
5. again with the "i dont think much of my surveillance team had actually touched a girl before". not for free, certainly. i have a whole other story about what some of them get up to. an awful lit of knowledge about specific websites floating around, it seems.  
6. interference on collation and governance runs on repo continues; clustered around explaining what authoritarianism looks like, what genocidal intent can look like, and why we miss both.  
7. i have survived day 3 (barely).  
8. mood around reality of outstanding surveillance, warranting, lack of aclnowledgment or remorse, not even taking the recycling out etc., is understandably Not Great.  
9. incidentally realising how much of my risk profile could be explained by my particular ways of managing my reproducice organs' monthly attempts at yeeting me off my mortal coil, and how "distraction" is the only painkiller k really have, now. i was made to stop any sedative products after the arrest, so thank you for making my life actively worse, my guys. i am taling that really well in thos moment of my womb trying to set my pelvis aflame. 😒  
10. i have a lot to say about the medical ethics here; another time. i am in a lot of pain and i can't be bothered with the bleeding that my step-up can cause, and there is nothing more the nhs will offer. it is very rare to convince anyone re permenant procedures when you have not had children. (despite the fairly obvious dofficulties being a walking bleeding machine and self-torturing body would present to generatong new humans. yes i am incredibly sore.  
11. on your collective merry way to give viagra an even more relaxed license (yes i noticed who got that and when), can we consider doing something about the harrowing pain a lot of us are having systematically belittled amd ignored? thanks.  

i do actually need the rape records question answered to potentially improve my pain care; action would be appreciated.  

2025-10-17  
