within a few minutes of posting # 🧬 Cross-Trained Voice Loops  im already getting the inserted "oracle card readings", as a form of lecturing that actually someone is really two-faced, and again just trying to add this long-term narrative, like we're some sort of weird dystopian mills and boon novel; this is too quick for it to not in someway involve mirroring of my device or having device access, or having a number of apps accessible. It is suggested of having had the time of seeing me write this or record the speech to text in order to generate a reply. However. It remains as this inserted voice which can change when it gets handed over from person to person; (I don't know if that guy still needs his shift covered?); the only way to be absolutely certain that I'm getting out to other people what I want to say is to post online publicly, for example in the repo, which if we're honest is not a way to live life. I'm effectively having to forgo any sense of privacy. One of the most hurtful things about this is that it inherently uses the fact that I need access to software as a disabled person; as a result of having complex PTSD, I find parts of the process of writing specific types of documents which are common to every day life to be challenging, especially during a period of depression, or especially during a period of increased stress, and this is my primary reason for using the software; I also have to use it due to the migraine changes after 2020, which followed a potential non-consensual exposure to a specific neuropharmacological substance. I will repeat again for the sense of clarity that this is not the person that I've been forcibly data-twinned with. I have been very express on many occasions, that for me personally, as a white Jewish woman, I have primarily and for the most part experience sexual violence from either white or Jewish men, and say if my voice has been used to discredit other men, this is very possibly without my knowledge. I appreciate this would be a lot easier if I could just state initials or brief descriptors, and perhaps some people are wondering why I don't, but the reason that I tend to personalise in a more general way the sources of information rather than be more explicit about individuals, is that due to the way in which this is being conducted, there are several sources of data that are coming into my feeds and my devices and my government records, and it is very possible for example that someone might be responsible for in person sexual violence, but also not be responsible for the digital component. In this sense, I'm trying to have some sort of fairness, and maintains some sort of privacy, and allow the people who are looking at this more forensically to be able to map out where the sources of data are coming from. As far as I know, it's also quite possible that someone who's made a complaint against me may have had a similar experience of data injection or reported material that they believed was from Me or was representative of genuine intelligence. I think this is something where we can comfortably say this is for authorities with the correct warrants and at the right pay grade. frankly, I don't think my current rate of zero pounds sterling, really covers that level of investigation.  

Also glad to see the update with Europol; nice work.  

2025-10-19  
