Why "Polaris Protocol"?  

I've given so many other explainations, but let us focus on the real story [here](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cwy0rw5dx1ko).  

This ties into more decisions that are going on in the current government then you could possibly believe.  

Ignore the comparative spend.  

Ignore the total spend.  

Ignore where we are harming our own people to fund this.  

Ignore the bitchy fights between ministers, and ignore the potential leadership contest.  

Ignore the drones.  

Ignore the battleships.  

Look back at what you see.  

When you see the financial dependency commitment, ask yourself why we never denounced the genocide, ask yourself why companies get contracts even if they're shit, why we don't have a narrative control with grooming gangs and why we've never fully answered public demand for healing that trauma...  

And regardless of what you think about a nuclear deterrent, ask whether we can fully ensure sovereignty, with the current set up.  

Bonus question: exactly who did Morgan Sweeney take that money from?  

I'm going to guess we might know one of the intermediaries, but where is its origin point?  

Is this really worth having a constitutional crisis over?  

What or who are we protecting by fully supporting the US financially, before full release of the Epstein files requested by our own MPS?  

Anyone with an interest in US-UK nuclear investment?  

That will be all.  

---

[Example](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwvxkYx/) re downstream impacts of sanctions (🇷🇺).  

Btw has anyone else noticed DRC and Leopards are algorithmically downranked today? Despite continued interactions which should build organic growth.  

That's what the Leopards cluster was going to focus on as s risk, and it's already hapoened, so maybe converting to media bundle.  

Also why does tiktok look like it is struggling to apply taxonomy to Russian users' experience (from the comments) [here](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwvnYL5/)?  

Do the tech bros have a sanctions-compliant answer?  

We want to see our friends in other countries; this is how you have resistance to dictatorships starting wars by coaiming stuff belongs to them.  

The language settings and localisation around Ukranian are also awful; the robotics keeps thinking all Cyrillic is Russian, despote these being two noticably different languages. If you can seperate English and German, you can seperate Russian and Ukranian.  

The translation fails routinely for Ukranian, which is not suprising given lack of wider investment, and the impacts of Russian cyber campaigns like the LiveJournal fiasco.  

This is ridiculous in the 21st century. It's not even understanding common pronouns of Russian/Ukranian particularly well. These are such easy markers for differentiation.  

I can only assume the Americans don't know what they bought, have already tanked any useful features, or actually want a Putin victory. It's a very extreme level of, "please allow us to shoot ourselves in both feet".  

Keeping DEI could have prevented this, fyi.  

---
 
I am having so many issues with Internet speed when I'm trying to generate notes around Congo.  

On a sidenote, I've attached some screenshots of the kind of propaganda that the west will be scared of, coming from North Korea, but I'm going to show him more powerful example from China:  

[This](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRwwHgAy/) is effective on the Western mind because of [this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRww5VL6/).  

And the Chinese government knows that.  

Bold move.  

I didn't think it is unfair to read this as China telling the West very loudly, how the West has undermined its own propaganda.  

All violence from a state, to repress its own people, is bad violence.  

Right now, in part because of the exposure being temporally limited to our generations, in part because of the long-standing failure to challenge Chinese censorship on this event, and in part due to the West's own chase of hypercapitalism at the expense of democratic values, I imagine there'll be plenty of young people who see that and see China as a courageous power, standing up against an authoritarian-like state.  

The degree of distrust or governance in the West, and distrust of media in the West, it will not be enough to simply point out the violence of that massacre. It will not land.  

This is how you can lose an entire generation, despite your buildup for so many years of a state narrative, not because of the democracy of the Internet, but because you have undermined democratic values.  

The way forward, is with transparency, accountability, and to start to tell the complicated stories.  

We cannot stay static, and comfortable in our own little bubbles, and expect this to resolve by itself.  


---

So much of my internet exp rn is polluted, going very wrong, contains personal details and triggers, and is full of humiliation bait.  

There is maybe 30% which is normal or pleasent, but a good 70% just feels like shitlords prodding at the feed.  

Idk. It's weird and also grim tbh.  

A lot of law, cps, police memes. V strange.  

---

You know what...  

I've always thought the comments in [videos like these](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRKdfNNH/) have a weird pattern.  

I've been watching these for a few months in particular, although I've obviously been aware of them for awhile.  

They are not standard white people driven antisemitism (ie not from al right telegram groups etc), they're also not standard pro Palestine shares (ie not a relevant vid where there is conflation), they also don't seem to be a paid bot farm (the language use is off for that, this is more I like your children pulling you at school rather than somebody having a specific objective that they've been told, although some of it is a little bit like that).  

I genuinely don't know if this is something which comes from a place of supposedly being on our side, but essentially deliberately trying to increase that perception that we are all threatened (and because it's being started, this is using a very full chanter technique to get the ball rolling and get other people to join in).  

it's interesting because the pattern of this happening is very particular and how it's done to diaspora community videos, and the model is essentially getting someone else to go out and talk to acidic Jews, posting their imperfect response (and usually only ever posting the response that's a bit abrupt or has caught them off guard or doesn't make sense to a secular vernacular viewer), and then the comment system is a separate entity, but what's interesting is that the creators do appear to be allowing the comments, when you can block them. So it's not coming from a neutral place because it's standing by whilst watching the pylon, and that is usually bad for your own account's metrics anyway.  

What's really interesting? Is that you don't get any comments that are easy to see by machine blocks, but equally in a video like that, most platforms will allow you as a creator to go and catch any comment with the word money in or coin in, and just auto hold it. Those usually some degree of auto moderation..  

This looks a lot like a deliberate enterprise.  

I've been very aware of this becoming a bigger thing particularly after secular Jews started using Yiddish in resistance online after 2023, so it's almost like it feels like a deliberate attack on the communities that still keep Yiddish alive.  

I'm also going to acknowledge that I know how much of this then looks like it goes into a very obvious playbook of political marketing that happened for a century, using techniques that are extreme common online and have been developed in the world which is very close to the Jeffrey Epstein Reddit situation for example (what a fucking weirdo).  

I think this is quite hard to explain the short way to white people generally, because with the state project as it is and what it is, this is understandable within that logic because the impact is for migration always has to be driven and it always has to be pressured at least slightly.  

It's starting to stand out as disinct distinct now, more and more when we are catching some of the other bot farms that would be from other compaigns.  

---
