Let me cook; "I do have a point, Your Honour".  

- [Zarif via Maryam Ishani](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRXBxD9W/)  
- the newer lego video  
- brics/petrodollar  
- genocide convention  
- actual goals of involved parties > what is mutially acheivable?

it's not just the west that accelarationism has stretched out, and yall need to start talking about digital utilisation of fear and digital grooming practices because someone else's ai swarms can model the behaviour the machine learned from ridiculous humans. doesn't need to understand, just copy.  

[not unrelated to this or the weird pick up trend about the king being secretly Muslim, which really just feels like it's building on the fact that every slightly bourgouise man still fancies Diana (regardless of his actual sexuality, I'll explain it at some point) and is a bit pissed off on her behalf from 30 years ago, which I would like to remind you that her sons who had to live through that are still alive and can read your projections.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRXSJQdF/)  

I don't want to focus so much on here as a personal with her surviving family, so much on how she was objectified and became a very specific type of image for a particular generation of men, and that she became the posh man's version of a manic pixie dream girl, and they will not let it go. Even with her passing, and may her memory be a blessing, they literally cannot let the relatives of the deceased to have any fucking peace ovee this.  

It sits very adjacent to the behaviour scene from the epstein network, even if it's got only partial or minimal overlap; this it's very much in that weird thing they all had for Disney princesses.  

I think this is where it's from. We're useful to talk about that network as unfortunately pioneer erring how children were exploited online in the west, and how networks that already existed a financing capital were instrumentalised in order to keep the influential people within tech incentivised to do what they wanted.  

I think that can exist with or without the CSE element for the downstream part, but we also can't pretend that that probably doesn't need to be a subject to a cleaning of house.  

I think the reality of a lot of this is that we have accepted for a very long time but this is just behaviour we have to tolerate, and that includes men from other men.  

This is why being more reliant on our network or communal model actually is a lot stronger than you think it is, because it allows the pressure that is often exerted from a coercive influence to be Matt in any more bearable way.  

(I'm telling you, it's something about my brain and Shabbat, man.)  

<!--Either that, or imperial power has to admit that it is scared of kabbalah and Jewish magic. Take your pick; there been stupider reasons to panic when women have the aidacity to think in semi-public, I guess.

For those unfamiliar, don't worry I will share my workings later, because it's very unexciting; it's just a system of philosophy. That we were burned like witches for embodying, but shhhhhhh.-->

---
