Happy April Fools & Happy Birthday to the RAF, because even whilst being bombed apparantly the sense of humour prevailed.  

[TikTok squirming in British subcomittee on child safety on platforms.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaE5jS/)  

[Are we serious? A CT arrest tor a post of two words?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaxC32/)  

Idk, man. Y'all keep being Iranian assets all by yourselves.  

[Because once you have the doctors of the NHS on strike, you apparently also look to be putting the firefighters in a position to be on strike again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCan85w/)  

We can call this democracy, and we can also admit that there are a million ways for this to be weaponised by the people who oppose us living in freedom, be that an alt right black-pilled billionaire, or another state; the only way to vaccinate against this is with truth and transparency, and for that we will have to stop materially supporting genocide.  

We cannot afford to keep doing this – the price is far too high for us to keep doing this.  

[This feels like the arguments that I'm consistently having; it feels like you just want this to degrade further. Where is the end?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaw5qT/)  

Iran is getting exactly what it wants when you double down and become more authoritarian; authoritarian regimes like to be able to do business with other authoritarian regimes.  

[There really is nothing new to the propaganda that they are giving you.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaoLQ4/)  

This is all been done before.  

[And at this point, the orange man is the number 1 IRGC asset, just casually being allowed to run his mouth.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaxCax/)  

[Because Sammy Obeid is right: Trump could be being honest at any time, and we would just assume he was lying, because that is the breakdown in trust that has happened.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCaX2UR/)  

---

Not understanding why Daenerys was not a libratory figure, not understanding her as an authoritarian, sits upon the same "why", as to Western misapprehension of the IRGC's narrative front, in this information war.  

Whatever she did which appeared beneficial, she still acted as a tyrant.  

Failure to understand this, is the same failure to understand the position of the Iranian state at the current time, in terms of narrative control.  

Yes, I am saying that the IRGC are the blonde British-sounding woman in this, please do keep up.  

All Daenerys needed to be to appear to be the "better" ruler was to be slightly more morally jusified in relative terms; her PR was done for her by "worse" options of leadership. This is not to diminish the character, but to point at how easy it is to tip the balance, regarding the IRL scenario.  

Bring the West's position into slightly less authoritarian standing, and you collapse the entire narrative that the IRGC has created.  

All the West has to do, is surrender a small piece of itself for moral accountancy.  

That's all it would take.  

Until that point, the IRGC maintains initiative.  

Just as Daenerys did, up until the point that the more obvious tyrants of Westeros and neighbouring lands were no longer still in play.  

Then what she was, could no longer be hidden.  

---

[Whatever it is that is making the briefing culture in Cabinet Office so bad, really needs fixing quite urgently.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCQdWhE/)  

There are now multiple examples of cabinet ministers not knowing figures, in situations where they could have a printout in front of them.  

That's really strange.  

You can't just have the figures out in front of you that you want to be able to put across as a sales pitch, you have to be prepared in the same way an NED for example would present, or a director would present. This is fixable with a good EA team. It's very confusing as to why there are people around the top tear who are or who have been very well paid, but there is this, "actually does the work" layer that appears to be missing, overridden, or disengaged.  

---

In an attempt to try to disengage from what's making my PTSD much worse, I'm going back over the Iran propaganda videos, and I think there's a lot to be said for the fact that they are improving and refining them over time, to appeal to a Western audience.  

They've dropped anything that could be read as overly antisemitic to a Westerner, for example.  

They've become more focused on this narrative of the unfair application of power, so they have moved away from something which looks more like Iranian propaganda in the traditional sense, and which is suited more to a Western criticism of Western Powers.  

It actually means they could be doing this with pretty minimal digital interference of actual users as people, and just fuck with companies (in terms of the more skilled hacks), and maybe a couple of key nexus points in social networks that are online; they can be doing this at a very low effort, and still make a significant dent in public trust and confidence in government, and cause a degree of destabilisation to several Western democracies at the current moment.  

As blocking the Straight of Hormuz is going to raise gas prices and raise food prices, and this will likely happen over several bursts due to the nature of the lag times involved, Iran are on course to win this essentially because the West is not switched on to the specific elements of public frustration, and is viewing them as completely separate and unrelated to defence.  

I don't think we can drill down enough how much the fact that around openly mentioning things like the suffering in Gaza, the civil rights struggle of black people in America, and the victims of Epstein and his network, are all really easy ways that Iran is gaining the sympathy of Westerners. At a time when their own government and their own leadership are either openly denying justice, or are actively trying to protect perpetrators and predators, at a time when the lack of protection under the system that the West has is becoming incredibly obvious, it should not be surprising that Iran just needs to mention a few of these things, and then the audience can buy in to the larger message, even if they only agree with that small thing. This is just humans being humans and aligning themselves with what their CNS understands to be most likely to create safety in the longer term.  

Iran capitalising on the fact that a lot of people are incredibly angry; in many ways all Iran is doing from a narrative point of view is to acknowledge the pain which is being denied.  

That in itself is so emotionally potent, and that is what can lose this for an entire generation; if you do not give people the ability to be fully human, and you continuously gaslight them, and you denied and justice in any form, you will end up with a scenario like this where it is incredibly easy for an outside party to come in and weaponise the fact that all those people need to be given is a little bit of acknowledgement in order to feel like they are being seen and heard.  

Iran cannot do this if the West starts to use its own existing justice regimes to appropriately apply the law that already exists for the crimes which have been done.  

This is how easy it is for truth and transparency to completely upend a propaganda campaign by an authoritarian regime.  

Right now, they are just giving the public what they want a little bit more than the West is, on an emotional level. It's almost as if they have been an authoritarian regime for a number of years, and understand how to keep a public just happy enough so that they won't rebel.  

That gap between what the West says it is, and what the West actually is, that is the gap that they are weaponising. Close that gap, and you take away their initiative.  

Given how much of an impact these videos have already made, and how much of a clear emotional relief this has been for so many to see, even though they themselves are the ones who would be potentially killed in a strike, should say everything that it needs to say about how close the West is to civil unrest, and exactly *why* that is the case. It's already quite clear that this is the case, because governments keep adopting more and more authoritarian measures, which they tend to only do when there is this risk that can be pointed to. By going down the same route that we always have, by replaying the last decade, we are walking right into what Iran are aiming for from this narrative campaign.  

The IRGC is essentially banking on the fact that the West's own peoples will rebel against their governments. They are banking on Western revolution. The more you clamp down, the more you are walking into their trap, because you can't say they don't know how to do a revolution, and you can't say that they don't understand what sets one off.  

They know intimately, because they are an authoritarian regime that had significant freedom movements building up against them over a number of years.  

In this sense, what they are doing looks very complex, but it's actually very simple. This makes it incredibly easy to take apart.  

Whilst this may be more relevant for the US, something to notice within the UK is that many people do generally understand how involved we actually are, and a lot of people are very frustrated about our actions in regards to Palestine, so the UK government should not be going around thinking that no one has any idea and they've been terribly good at covering it up. That will end up featuring in one of these videos if we're not careful.  

Lego aren't suing and should not seek to sue, because Lego are intelligent enough to know that that will only blow up in their faces. No one should force them, because it will only reiterate the criticism of Western behaviour as unfair and validate that criticism.  

I mean a really easy "Starter for 10" on this, is how even the Revolutionary Guard Corps is using capitalism to make a point. We do not dismantle the master's house using tools of the master.  

This is so easy to take apart from a Western antifascist or anticapitalist lens, but we literally can't actually do it in the current setting of Western government narrative, because you're making it so easy for Iran to look like they are the only government who are acknowledging several key areas of major pain to the wider population of the West.  

It's really difficult for even people who have suffered violence under the Iranian regime to even be taken seriously in front of a Western audience at this point, precisely because this emotional dissonance gap has been weaponised.  

I appreciate a lot of you want to protect yourself or your friends, but by doing so you're making it a national security issue; I'm pretty sure there is a way to work out how we're going to do things, in a way that works around that liability issue, so narrative control can be recaptured.  

Idk man, this is where I would consider asking some very fancy lawyers who be able to get out of all sorts of mess. Where can we find one of those.  

[You see the problem, yes?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCC2o3F/)  

This is also a time where you need to allow satire to play out as it's going to play out, because again what we are doing is trying to reduce the authoritarian behaviours; people do know what authoritarianism looks like to some degree, and we have all been exposed to a very long campaign of propaganda against authoritarian regimes in the West. The prejudice against the Iranian regime are already in the back of our heads, if you had any common sense from a defence point of view, all you need to do is to arrange for specific blockages to come out out of the way.  

---

> "Data brokers specialize in finding information that doesn’t show up in web searches, such as tax records, healthcare histories, and bankruptcy filings. Often, these are held in private databases protected by paywalls or passwords or locked up in scanned printed documents. This so-called “deep web” of information makes up 90% of the online universe.  
>
> These companies excel at piecing together information from multiple sources—some of it years old—into a master profile. They use technologies such as machine learning and optical character recognition to mine databases of digital photos and unearth details in scanned paper documents respectively.  
>
> The amount of digital exhaust we leave behind is astounding. It can be used by stalkers and extortionists in insidious ways. Raynault tells of one client who discovered a PDF of a newspaper interview from 2007 in which he revealed his parents’ address, where he went to school, and where he spent his summers. In simpler times we didn’t think twice about divulging such details, but today it’s bait for fraudsters and thieves.  
>
> ...Scrubbing information held by data brokers is an all-but-impossible task. “There are no national laws; it’s all state-by-state,” she said. “To request removal, you pretty much have to go to all 1,200 of them.”  
>
> The less scrupulous brokers find ways to frustrate the process. Some require written requests or ask for information that isn’t in their database, such as a phone number. That becomes a data element they can sell to somebody else.  
>
> The case for protecting personal information has never been more compelling. Unemployment fraud is up 4,000% since the beginning of the pandemic, nearly half the population of the U.S. has been a victim of identity theft, and one in six women will be stalked at some point.  

[Source: ComputerWorld.](https://www.computerworld.com/article/1616143/someone-is-selling-your-personal-details-can-you-stop-them.html)  

Maybe the men just don't want to come and get us; maybe the potential for violence has just significantly increased, and we just have to accept as women that we will break down within a short time frame.  

Maybe we are just a resource for men to expend, now.  

Until we take over from them in tech, we're essentially able to be used in ways we don't understand due to lack of information, and these industries have become embedded amd normalised into every layer of governance.  

Being female is exhausting in a way that is difficult to articulate.  

Men could be doing so much to compel better terms and conditions, but they're currently mostly choosing not to.  

There is essentially an ongoing risk to any woman reporting until the balance changes; the violation once doubled, has now been multiplied again.  

This is why the alt right would prioritise radicalising the tech bros, and it's why the involvement of Epstein/Maxwell in shaping online discourse and pipelines is so important as a consideration going forward.  

---

[Hey. These are the extremists we warned you about. Animal sacrifice post-Second-Temple era is not normal Jewish behaviour.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCXh2My/)  

I am tired of having to explain [this](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chloe-birney-78b95b2bb_regarding-the-temple-mount-some-things-activity-7333253788977303553-DNPz?utm_medium=ios_app&rcm=ACoAAEzZf5sBQCZX9MaUon1j8NIHcaS29nKVYqs&utm_source=social_share_send&utm_campaign=copy_link).  

> "Regarding the Temple Mount:  
> 
> Some things are sacred because they are sealed.  
> Not everything can be reclaimed by force.  
>
> As we approach Shavuot — the festival of revelation — the ground at the heart of our tradition is being desecrated.  
>
> Jewish magic is not inherently extractive.  
> Our systems are built on boundaries and balance — not conquest.  
>
> There’s an archaeological item believed to lie beneath the Temple Mount. Even for Jews who don’t believe in its ongoing sanctity, we know this: only the High Priest could enter that space, once a year, after intense spiritual preparation. Even our “weird rules” honour that memory.  
>
> Some today obsess over archaeology not for truth — but to find loopholes.  
> To justify crossing boundaries our tradition holds sacred.  
> Even among secular Jews, it’s understood: walking across the Holy of Holies is an act of profound disrespect.  
>
> What we’re witnessing is a violation of two layers of boundary:  
>	1.	The political and legal status quo that maintains religious peace.  
>	2.	The spiritual boundary around the Holy of Holies.  
>
> The boundary is not a barrier.  
> It is the condition for holiness to exist at all.  
>
> These aren’t modern liberal values.  
> They are core to Rabbinic Judaism.  
> Colonialism violates them all.  
>
> Uncontained force, untempered power — all lead to collapse.  
> Holiness requires restraint.  
> And attempts to override sacred boundaries reenact the shattering.  
>
> So it’s no surprise that those who desecrate the Temple Mount brutalize Palestinians in the West Bank.  
> This is not faith.  
> It is desecration dressed in scripture.  
>
> When people claim the land is Jewish, they forget:  
> The land belongs to God.  
> Not every “no” is oppression.  
> Some boundaries protect life.  
>
> The Holy of Holies is linked to the Shekhinah — the feminine presence of God.  
>
> So when men claim Judaism as their exclusive inheritance…  
> When they trample sacred ground in arrogance…  
> When they desecrate the divine feminine —  
> The metaphor writes itself.  
>
> You cannot trample on the Shekhinah and call it devotion to her presence.  
> You cannot shatter the vessel and call it inheritance.  
>
> We are not meant to possess what is holy — only to guard its boundaries with reverence.  
>
> Empire has never tolerated this wisdom.  
> Even the word cabal — used to conjure conspiracy — comes from Kabbalah.  
> They burned us not just for being Jews, but for knowing things they couldn’t own.  
>
> And don’t talk to me about “Judeo-Christian values.”  
> That term is imperialist fiction.  
> There is nothing Judeo-Christian about Rabbinic Judaism.  
> There never was.  
>
> Their conquest is not faith.  
> Their presence is not holiness.  
> Their violence is not Judaism."  

---

[Better?](../../../👻_Apparitional_Objects/🍽️_Fork_Taxonomy/☢️_shatterfork.md)  

I might make it more searing again; patience is thin.  

I also didn't go looking for this, but as I try to resolve this section and come across other data incidentally...  

...is it the chassidic influence that is confusing someone?  

I think I might be less of a mystery if you just talk to other Jews like me, you know.  

Chassidic influences don't just travel in the directions which may be intended, and Chabad has been ubiquidous in the diaspora for some time; seeing this referenced in ways which may not be so obviously traced through liberal rabbinical seminaries, but through the networking of Jews outside of the core "acceptable Jewishness" cohort, is hardly surprising.  

You can't really linguistically map those networks against known sources, unless you admit that antizionist and non-Zionist books are part of the literature you input to ML. Which would weight them as valid inputs.  

...we don't spend all our time arguing about the pronouns of G-d or finding new ways to sing, "Death to America" in liturgical Hebrew.  

You really don't know us, do you?  

---

[Nothing makes me harder or leftier than putting the fear of non-relevance into the alt right](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCV7RTm/), [but could it be that it isn't "just student politics"?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCqR3Vc/)  

Given the weaponisation of class consciousness by the alt right, I do feel that complaining about Marx is a little ironic.  

If the workers had no consciousness at all, they would simply vote for establishment power.  

---

[Good effort from Sky News on the death penalty change, but this needs to go a few steps further.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCVsJe1/)  

We have been conditioned to see the State of Israel as an ally, and as similar to us in cultural understanding, and for that reason it is not immediately clear that the conditions of even being convicted or completely different in this context, and essentially arbitrary.  

A TikTok creator made a very important point in recognising that this is equivalent to a "Final Solution" moment; because they have committed to something under law, this can go on now reasonably unchallenged in a meaningful way that may pressure the government to stop, and for that reason it is incredibly important for international stakeholders, *especially* the allies or supporters of the state, to not only condemn it in the strongest terms but also explain why it is fundamentally wrong. This law, because of the way in which the justice system functions for the average Palestinian, is likely to in effect simply legalise extrajudicial murders that already occur. In this respect, it is part of an escalation of genocide. I don't think comparing this to the Wansee Conference is unfair.  

What is that quote again, about the only thing that is required for evil to occur is that good men stand and do nothing? That is the sort of moment we are currently in.  

If the State of Israel feels that it is antisemitic that it is singled out, don't worry I have a lot to say about what the fuck is going on in the United States; our current cowardice in putting up a stronger front is further evidence that we are wholly unprepared to meaningfully intervene to prevent genocide – because we have only put up a partial one in rhetorical terms, we have not actively condemned the United States for what it is currently doing to its citizens. Arguably it is in a state which essentially is genocidal, it's just that it's not being recognised as being genocidal as publicly as any other country would, because the United States has run by the biggest snowflake in the world with a lot of resources to have a very dangerous tantrum.  

Detaining your own people, people resident in your own country, on arbitrary terms, and keeping them in situations which essentially lead in many cases to their untimely deaths, shipping some of them to notorious black sites, and engaging in such a way that it is very unclear whether there have been larger groups that are missing for more sinister reasons, is all deplorable.  

The fact that we are still hosting the United Nations in the US is utterly bizarre from a political angle; it is quite some time ago that I was listening to a friend who you would assume was very moderate and they actively advocated that their own country should be boycotted due to the involvement in the Palestinian genocide, and I can see a lot of the points of what they were noting in a larger context, which is that this death machine has effectively grown up out of that state and is actively consuming its own people at this point in a far less discriminatory way than it used to (when I say less discriminatory I mean that more groups are being discriminated against, and therefore more people are being consumed).  

A lot of this is so that people can hang onto power who don't really deserve to hang onto power – the longer all of this goes on, makes it even more difficult to argue against the Iranian regieme's propaganda about the West.  

[Succinct explanation of how this law is, in effect, merely the State of Israel formalising process.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCqfTNe/)

---

[So... can we see how this could be problem?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCq9ch3/)  

Like, this is survivable, but mostly if we start educating now.  

---

[Can we stop having lists of our names please istg 🫠🤣](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCqo5ro/)  

/can the more affulent members of our community please speak with the rest of us more, before getting involved with anything that even looks like this?  

Very aware that you may consider this at times to be in our best interests, but ultimately the risk exposure is *very* different at different socioeconomic points, and in different points of assimilation. There is not the same degree of choice and the options of protection (or none) vary widely.  

I also want to really get to this point of consent, because I think even in the wider social sphere we have managed to do some very strange things to our beliefs and understanding around consent, and it leads into so much of how we live life. As a Jew who understood that my opinion was not in line with that of the state of Israel, and understanding that that might in itself pose a higher risk to me, but also understanding that out of everyone in the community I have one of the lower risks (no family in Israel, my family for whom this is a make or break issue), and also understanding that we don't all have one opinion and even if my opinion was ignored, the importance of showing that plurality would protect us, I made a decision to make my status as a Jew public in academia. Very swiftly experienced consequences after that point, but unfortunately the responses that I have from the stakeholders who were involved, don't all align. I suspect this is because they know it's awkward, but this doesn't actually help me to find out who shared the information and where it was shared to, and what happened down stream of that.  

I am also aware that quite a long time after that, partially on the basis of the above combined with the fact that I had already experienced a significant amount of in person harassment based on my Jewish identity, there is a public list of signatures within which I am one of the many names, and because of this public list being what it is and where it is, it's very obviously identifies that I am Jewish and that a specific opinion I hold does not agree with the State of Israel.  

I am aware that a lot of this harassment is being or has been conducted with the goal of discouraging speaking, but all that is really happened. Is that every time it's done, because I have lost something, this makes it easier to commit to further speaking. Particularly when you put me in relation to other people who have not yet spoken, this makes a far stronger argument that I should take that risk over someone else having to do it by themselves.  

It's not that I genuinely think any of the parties who shared that information we're doing so in anything other than what they understood the best of intentions to be at that time. however, because it keeps going on and because there is a very defensive posture from a lot of parties, this is naturally making me quite suspicious. It's very possible that that suspicion is only coming out of a result of the behaviour that I've seen, and deceiving that it means something but it doesn't. I have no way to tell, without further disclosure.  

Now, all of those things I've done because I chose to do them – in every instance I gave consent for the initial action. Unfortunately, because consent has been assumed, sometimes in respect to the same information and sometimes consent to any sharing has been assumed, I have lost control over he knows what about me. At some point in this, they started leaking extremely personal information, which is unlawful to share. Unfortunately, because many people are all thinking that the entire liability falls on them, they are not being very responsive or communicative. And I will be entirely honest, sometimes I have not sounded very sensible, and sometimes I have been incredibly grumpy. This doesn't change the fact that there was something that has happened where it appears that information has been shared in appropriately. Again, as stated previously, this could be completely unintentional and be that security was breached, but I literally have no idea because no one is sharing that information with me.  

This dissolves what had previously been the playing field, and means that everyone now has a risk matrix that they cannot manage at a ground level; this is extremely dangerous.  

Whilst you may not have any personal sympathy for me specifically, if that can be done to me essentially based on "Jew" + "opinion", given him what you were saying in the United States as well as other places, can you see why it might be a risk to you?  

You don't have to be Jewish for it to be a risk to you; you just need something which no more authoritarian regime would classify as a hook.  

Just one. Even if it's spoofed, all that is needed is one.  

If you're wondering why I'm trying to be helpful, this is just the trauma response that I have to threat and to danger. I am a aware that it is not particularly self protective in an individualist society, but if you think about it for a moment, it makes a lot of sense in a species that tends to hang out in a group.  

---

[Can we stop thinking LLMs are replacements for our own cognition please.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCbUM5P/)  

They are great for *extremely specific* tasks.  

---

There's a past event that I wanted to be able to reference as a pivotal shift in something about how stare narratives and their metabolism have intersected, and because my data exhaust might still knock-on to others:  

- I remember this set of events for how it put undue pressure across domains, however:
- I also want to think about the framing of this and previous deaths discussed, and for that reason, I am thinking of first rounding out discussions of deaths by this mechanism first.

Something I find difficult about the particular audience niche that I have, is that I can't necessarily read it well enough to know how much I need to talk around difficult topics, and we generally speak about deaths which happen through this manner in extremely unhelpful ways.  

I'm also extremely conscious of how easy it is, because of those attitudes, to unintentially give mispeading impressions in respect to deaths where there has been suggestions of oversight required; I am aware I overthink many things, I just imagine that it's probably somewhat shit for family and friends.  

---

I've updated [🧨 Semantic Collapse](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🌀_System_Governance/📚_Narrative_Management/🧨_semantic_collapse.md) in respect to the discussion regarding the IRGC propaganda, so hopefully we can all tone down on being quite as ridiculous as we have been.  

The bonding experiences will only get stranger, I'm sure.  

This point about the death penalty seems to be a thing that I'm banging on about because I'm banging on about it, but it's actually a really good example of how this has impacted us so much.  

It has previously been incredibly normal in the UK to be extremely anti-capital punishment.  

Why can you not apply that to this situation?  

One of the chief rationale that we have used for many years, is the fact that you can never be 100% sure you're getting things right.  

When you look at this from a values ethics perspective, it becomes extremely easy to say that in all cases, the death penalty is inappropriate. if however you want to look at the scenario and the function of what this law will do, this law has officially put in place a very obvious aparteid; there is only one ethnic group which will be impacted, in real terms. It turns out that if you are Israeli, and you are not Palestinian, you can be identified as someone gang raping a Palestinian prisoner, and you will have your offense essentially thrown out. It is highly unlikely that this will impact anyone offer than Palestinians. That is the definition of an apartheid system – where there is a different set of laws and there is a different system of access to the state, on the basis of ethnic identity.  

"but what if they are a te-"  

I don't want to fucking hear it, quite frankly.  

But because I know some of you are going there mentally, perhaps you should ask yourself what those Palestinians have actually done.  

It will not realistically impact anyone who was convicted in regards to Al-Aqsa Flood, so you can discount that one from your mind completely, because it's not going to happen.  

The people who were realistically impact have, at the very worst, been guilty of using violent resistance against an illegal military occupation; the most obvious way that you can prevent that from radicalising someone is to get rid of the illegal military occupation.  

Because you've gone there with a terrorist idea in your head, I'm going to go there with the Warsaw ghetto:  

The Jews participated in the Warsaw uprising almost certainly committed war crimes and acts of murder; would you hang them?  

Whether or not you want to do the equation on the perpetrator side, the circumstances of the victims in the scenarios are the same. They are both subject to unfair laws on the basis of racialisation and ethnic identity. They are both resisting a force that does not have legitimacy to govern them. They have used violent resistance – are we saying that the Warsaw uprising was illegitimate?  

I find it very difficult when people penalise Palestinians for violent resistance, because I look at history and I see other instances where this logic would say that people who fought valiantly in the name of freedom, even when they knew that their survival was unlikely, were in the wrong for doing so.  

Is that really our line, now?  

There was a song called Six Million Germans about Nakam, and it's very interesting, because apart from anything else you have to admit that something inside us feels a certain way, even though there are probably children included in that 6 million. This doesn't necessarily make us bad people, because this is a contextual emotional response, and it does not necessarily mean that we would do what was planned were the same circumstances to happen again.  

Can you see how it would be possible for someone who is Palestine to feel, however, when you look at your own ancestors' stories?  

> Now – can vengeance put upon the shelf  
> Be taken out later on someone else?  
> Be careful how you read this tale,  
> Lest your own prejudice prevail.  

[So, when you see the law so clearly written as apartheid, call it out, and embargo arms, at minimum.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCpsANE/)  

---

[Apparently we're trying to ban multilingual campaigning in the UK, and I will not lie, I could be such a dick about this.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRCpfBmE/)  

The choice of the word native is really interesting. Which languages do you consider to be native to the UK? Because that question gets very complicated.  

Are you including or not including Irish Gaelic for example? Or Welsh, or Scottish Gaelic – I ask because we used to beat children for speaking in their own languages in this country.  

(It does sort of seems as if Irish Gaelic would be included in the languages that are banned? You do realise that you will start a fight of sectarianism if this becomes a debate within Northern Ireland? I thought you were all against this?)  

[I also assume that the Conservatives forgot about their own election campaign posters in 2024?](https://www.thejc.com/news/politics/diane-abbott-wins-hackney-north-seat-despite-jews-dont-experience-racism-comment-jdbd99nz)  

Reading Yiddish and reading English is not the same as being able to speak Yiddish and speak English; whilst the languages are both West Germanic when spoken, they are in two completely separate scripts. So what you're saying is you want to discriminate against the Jewish community that you have relied upon to get through consent for your current foreign policy, because you currently dislike Muslims so much that you don't want them to vote Green, which by the way the party headed by the only Jewish leader in politics?  

Do you see how I could make this awkward for you?  

I also just cannot express to other Jewish people, even if we have very different opinions about other things, you cannot trust politics which favours demonisation of outsider groups. It always backfires, and it's never containable to just one scapegoat.  

[Are you also saying that we can't encourage election participation, if it's too close to an election?](https://www.jewishnews.co.uk/charedim-urged-to-register-to-vote-with-help-of-yiddish-posters/)  

This is also inherently discriminatory in terms of information because it's actually just very common for people to be able to speak fluent English in a conversational way, but not be able to have a business English conversation in specific topics; this is commonly a reason that people who otherwise can't speak very good English will use interpretation in legal or medical settings.  

This is all just voter suppression, largely on the basis of racism.  

---

You know, a lot of these conversations would be a lot easier to have, if we were not always so totalising about people or populations.  

It's something that our brains do to speed up decision-making, but it's also okay to recognise that we are humans, and our brains are not always perfect.  

Part of the point about moving predominatly to looking at outcomes, and to be honest about when we are involved and complicit in bad things, is to try an remove the high stakes of good/evil binaries, so that we can actually even begin to have conversations about justice in a useful way.  

---
