So looks like Melania was running cover:  

["The President of the United States is posting snuff death videos..."](https://youtu.be/D-OC-vdXy3E?si=NGOGEDGZlOXSWGhB)  

I don't think you get to say, "well, context", when it's from a statesman-billed account.  

I already agree with everything, because to be honest, I have not watched the video in full – I just wanted a way to post a link to it, which gave as many trigger warnings or gated it as much as possible.  

I appreciate that trigger warnings don't actually take away from the feeling of anxiety or disgust itself, but at least it allows you to choose if now is going to be the time when you engage in content or not.  

I think contextually the entire text of what he's posted is extremely concerning as well, and I think you have to put yourself in the position of thinking whether or not you would just like this slide if it was somebody in your social circle posting it to their work account.  

I don't even mean in terms of calling it out per se, as much as as, would you allow this person in your life to go unchecked? I think we can all agree that for most of us this would be a bit of an alarm bell situation.  

---

> "Seditious talk - hither, let's walk - uneasy lords watch us like a hawk."

...it's called *having a playlist.*  

[🎶](https://youtu.be/ZhCYn9aOxL4?si=Hud4YieLT7CKjWZ_)  

---

The Big Tech risk profile is splitting in a very interesting manner from all this in the last month, but it is a little disperate currently. For later collation; you got krill bots, and we don't have hoverboards yet, so I feel I've done at least my bit re Kraken management, in rather unideal circumstances, I might add.  

---

A reminder before I try to get some sleep, that reiterating the level of destruction and the degree to which it says so much about the lack of character of leadership, to strike civilian targets primarily in ordering over 100 strikes in 10 minutes to cover Lebanon, whilst also intensifying violence across the West Bank, whilst continuing to strike Gaza, is extremely important to do.  

The holy sites in Jerusalem did get reopened; it is not as if the State of Israel is completely blind to how the world sees it, and it is not as if it does not listen when the world says that it is not happy.  

It may only give some degree of protection, and that won't be enough, but the government of the State of Israel significantly prioritises the Western gaze, even when it says it doesn't. This is why it is important for people in the West, especially people in establishment positions, to call out the level of destruction and to call attention to what Palestinians are having to live through in this moment. You can absolutely talk about Israelis, but you must speak clearly and confidently about Palestinians in a situation where they are legally classified as at risk of genocide, as per the ICJ.  

---

Hm. I have found another data controller who appears to have deletions. Following up. Very perculiar.  

---

[UK Gov are tinkering with the laws which prevent behavoural prediction and profiling.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4HRtBX/) This is a far bigger problem than you think, because machines pick up on "good" behaviour and cannot assign a zero risk score to you; you will be ranked and scored regardless.  

I also feel that a lot of people here in groups where this has been used to cause past pain, can look at Palestine and the US now, and ask if we want to be subject to those systems, because the systems have been trajned in these places, *[and even now, continue to leak that bias unless complete seperation of systems is introduced.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR49Leqx/)*  

---

[I will never not love the precision of the record, from Ian Hislop.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4HYHBc/)  

---

[The possibility of the Police Federation actually being part of a parliamentary debate is huge - this would actually be genuinely interesting to hear from via contact with MPs.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4H9kqE/)  

"But aren't you abolitionist?"  

Yeah, I'm also a "targeted and planned reform wherever possible" person, I don't actually just hate police officers. This seems to often be this seemed binary, and a lot of people do see the absolute humanity of the people doing the work on the front line, and yet also feel that the system as a hole needs to be so thoroughly reformed as that it could be called abolition. I'm not gonna pretend to know all the answers, I'm not going to pretend that this is my speciality.  

The only way in which we can have meaningful reform of the system is still in situ as it is, as if people who are stakeholders engage in systems we have, as well as actions which support pressure on that issue, this does therefore include police officers writing to their MPs or talking to their MPs, when they have issues that are policing lead going into parliamentary debates.  

Regardless of the outcome of that particular one debate, the fact that you push it into being a debate is extremely important, and the fact that those issues would then exist on the parliamentary record is also a significant thing in an of itself, even if nothing changes immediately. The way in which the people who write policy in law in this country work, the fact that you have gotten those issues down on that parliamentary record is the really key documentation piece.  

So if you have issues not just in this specific area but also in the wider area of policing, and you come from policing, this is a huge moment to potentially get some of that heard. Given the restriction on striking as police officers in the UK, which is one of the most potent tools that workers have to demonstrate pressure, opportunities like this *have* to be used where that isn't possible.  

Even if you don't think the Labour Party act as a workers party, it is well established practice that workers parties should be addressing not only wages, but also hours and conditions. The way in which you can enforce any party to start taking notice of you, including but not limited to work as parties, is to have those concerns raised so that they formed part of that parliamentary record.  

I too think that the sacredness of the Hansard is a little strange, but this is how it works, so that's why you need to get things recorded. To do that, you need an MP to say it in a debate. For that to happen, you need to debate to happen, which is what the link is about.  

(I think we can all just be honest about the fact that some of you were here from policing, and that's okay, I do genuinely mean this as a, "hey, in case you haven't heard about this, this is why it's important".)  

---

Let's put our defence media literacy hats on about the ghost murmur tech.  

[This is a short vid explaining what the CIA and US military are claiming went down.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4HaVJy/)  

This is also a really good example of the emotional response that it is designed to evoke. Typically, you don't tend to talk about classified technology, unless you have a reason to. No one asked them, so we can start to understand from that what the rationale might be.  

[Part of the reason why the Wikipedia Foundation is still so important, is in times like this, and you'd be surprised at how scientists really try to keep Wikipedia up-to-date in a number of scientific disciplines.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_Murmur)  

That's not to say you shouldn't fact check it, and please don't just take everything as read(!), but the positive output of having as democratic get Internet as we sometimes have had, is that you can see an example examples like this way you can see the criticism being linked far more easily, and the language is precise (e.g. *claimed* technical principles).  

I can understand frustration when people say, "why do you invite doubt on so many things, how do you know what is true?", but part of will really help in the information age is training that piece of us that can be flexible to accept that in a given moment several possibilities maybe the case, and being able to develop the tools we need to think about probabilities and think about rationale. This is protective as is critical thinking as a whole, because to be absolutely frank, any democratic country that had the Internet in the last 20 years, cannot immediately change the fact that their public is now internationally exposed to information, without ceasing to have democratic-style Internet access.  

When you look at the potential that this is something that the US military is looking into as technology, or see it as at least the shadow of the rest of the research that they're working on (which is usually the slightly more honest take), combined with Artemis II, this tells us something very interesting about the current positioning of the US military.  

1. It feels that it needs to do the PR, and it's been preparing for that eventuality in advance.
2. Enough people at a senior level have reflected on the commentary which underpinned the last 10 to 20 years of discussions from personalities like Neil Degrasse Tyson. In other words, they see the importance, the wider importance, of outward scientific advancement being showcased. That is not a terrible thing.  

(They could've also just seen everything that China keeps putting out at robotics conferences, and gotten jealous, you can work on several levels at once. We're all human.)  

I don't want this to be appointed, which people say that the conspiracy was right, when it comes to things like microchips and vaccines, or other QAnon conspiracies. A very dangerous thing that is being done here, is to put out just enough information that the people still captured by that high control group, may take slightly longer to deradicalise. Given the potential origins of the QAnon conspiracy, and how it remained unaddressed on the Internet despite who owns that infrastructure, I think we should be a little careful about how this is disgusting in public in terms of reiterating that "this is not the same as what the conspiracy was claiming". You will still get people who will believe it, but we can start to come off the population-wide unverified conspiracy bus.  

The story being put out also just allows competition with their very damaging things that the president is actually putting out, allowing the country as a whole to regain the narrative internationally, and it puts a positive light on potentially having to destroy your own aircraft in the manner in which they were destroyed, if that was done to protect sensitive equipment (as in, sensitive confidential).  

I'm not hating the idea of a ghost murmur, I just have one of those brains that's not very good at "going along with things".  

I am curious if this is supposed to be signalling something to other parties, that they do in fact understand how the device implicated in Havana syndrome works; if so, part of what is being seen is metamessaging, "We know what you're up to, and we've been working on it, too, just so you know". In the context of the last 10 years, that would be indicating significant upskill, in terms of what is being admitted to on an international stage. No worries series of political disclosures and points of policy conflict, where the same scientific output appear appeared to be waning, in both import and relevance. This is all completely speculative, however.  

Whatever is in fact going on in any laboratory, what is happening out in the wild is a novel positioning looking forward, and positioning as firmly pro-science. This is not insignificant, given the current administration's lack of all respect for the scientific method.  

More to say on algprithmic impact (ie helpful impacts) but rest first.  

---
