Today's coverage is likely going be the Southport inquiry, because wow we don't know how to talk about this in a way which reduces harm, and we are not connecting a great number of dots, or young men and boys in a way which meets them in a way which reduces risk, or respects any of the parents impacted (of victims as well as of the offender), [and there is already an "Enoch Powell was right" reference in the comments.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVFCDEV/)  

we are seeing enough violence, perpetrated in such a way which demonstrates a high degree of reality, from men and from boys, that we can see that this is not solely something which is teenage black boys. It just isn't.  

In this scenario, it was, however: if you actually honour victims and survivors of crime, what you would want to do is to reduce the possibility of ever becoming one.  

The story is absolutely horrendous in terms of parents impacted, because you have on one side the parents of girls who were murdered in an incredibly brutal way, and you also have parents who were trying to get support for their child who then went on to commit those murder murders.  

I'm not going to have to sit and watch the inquiry report, because that appears to be my job now, but to hear the way in which it was said, already felt quite risky in terms of how the message was going to come across.  


I am also going to be incredibly clear that in UK law, in the vast majority of situations, a 17-year-old is generally classed as a child. I understand and appreciate that for many services that person has timed out of a child service, and in some ways is met as an adult. This does complicate the issue. however, in UK law, you would still be involving parents for consent for a medical decision, and so from my mind this is still a child. It is the case that this gets very complicated when we talk about issues around capacity and responsibility, and I'm not trying to take away from the accountability portion there, and I believe that has already been answered in a justice element, so I'm not necessarily going to rehash that.  

When I do speak about this person in particular, and how this is handled in the media, and how this was handled in a way that was metabolism in a specific way by the alt right, I am often going to talk about the way in which this offender was viewed in comparison to the way that others of the same age and circumstances have been viewed, and in many cases I have to call them suspect or alleged perpetrators, because there is a very honest thing to say about the fact that crimes of this nature I handle differently when the person in question who is perpetrated violence is black.  

Going to say very clearly, because I think the room probably wants to hear the clarity, I'm not saying that you don't have a piece of accountability to do when anyone perpetrate violence like this, of course you do. Where I want to probe further on our response as a country to this, is around how we handled it in the politics of racial ation in particular, and how this then ended up feeding what were essentially race riots or pogroms, often using misinformation or disinformation. We've clearly done a lot of work on communication and messaging since then, but in how this has been reported in a few different ways today, it is opening that door again to stroking this alr right sentiment, and it is possible to do that in a way that both addresses the very real harm in the very real tragedy that families have experienced, whilst also addressing the underlying issues which made this possible, and also at the same time not inciting unnecessary risk of violence to many communities in the UK who were actively put at risk by the alt right in 2024.  

---

To non-UK readers: "Enoch Powell was right" is a dog whistle which is explicitly calling for an a completely white Britain, and so is very openly calling for "ethnic cleansing", by referencing what was called the "rivers of blood" speech.  

The equivalent would be invoking the KKK or something similar, and some of us are aware that this is not understood outside the UK.  

That's why it's a dogwhistle.  

Enoch Powell wasn't right; Enoch Powell was a fucking racist and a piece of shit.  

He was racist enough, that those of us who had racist parents or grandparents who would basically say that they were very uncomfortable with people who weren't white, would still say he was a piece of shit. The alt right managed to press on them enough, that they started to say that he had a point. The default position is not to be as racist as that, but we are aware that they are racist.  

This is therefore going to look specifically at what messaging is used to put that pressure on, and how that turns what can be apparently neutral systems into actively harmful ones.  

---

[I understand that people will look at this and say well they're not being violent. They're just praying, but NONE Of this is normal.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVFyawy/)  

It's very tempting to look at it and think they're not really doing that much, how could it be wrong, but that would be to completely ignore the context that this is it in.  

It is an absolute joke to do this and not see it as being violent in the context of a genocide.  

It is an absolute joke to do with this as a outwardly pious religious Jewish man.  

This is an act which is directly insulting to Palestinians and also to Muslims and then more broadly to a vast majority of Jews.  

They are being escorted by police to make sure that you are only ever going to see it as peaceful until such a time as they can take Palestinians off the site again; I don't want this to be the case, but it's what they are doing.  

---

So I think the women who are not ready to attack and aren't that nerdy or listening to some men who don't have your best interest at heart.  

I've seen what you're campaigning for in terms of changes to legislation impact what you think it will impact in pornography, and they're pulling your leg.  

I am going to introduce you to this concept. You can thank me later. The men are lying to you. I'm not saying all men are liars, but there are enough of them who are clearly talking shit to you, whether they mean to or not.  

They are trying to placate you so that you don't ask for the real changes that would actually clamp down in a way that reduces harm. The most common reason that men do that is because in some way they gained from the system which is currently in place, and that does not have to be sexual.  

A band on pornography that is introduced as per the recent change regarding what will essentially only change the language used by pornography creators, in such a way that has so many downstream effects in harming the people that you think you won't actually help in that system, because it's simply act as a way to get them referred into policing, so that they can be surveyed by the same type of men who are misleading you... this has already happened on multiple occasions before, sex workers have told you, please fucking listen to them. A number of those sex workers come from scenarios which you are describing that you want to reduce, and have much better knowledge of that system and how it is actually perpetrated.  

I'm not meaning to be cruel. I am telling you that the men are lying to you. They are encouraging you to alienate further other people that you could be joining with in solidarity, which is another reason why you shouldn't listen to them.  

Have any of you actually spoken to people who make porn, including people who make it for survival, currently?  

I thought not.  

There's a cost of living crisis, and there is a sudden need in surveillance capitalism to produce more subjects to surveyor, you are literally feeding the people you are trying to say that you are helping to the monster that eats them. Please don't do that. I know you don't mean to do that, but I'm telling you now, and we've had enough conversations about this, please don't do it. there are clearly still people in this policy space, who claimed to be doing things about child abuse, but much like having Prince Andrew as being a patron of the NSPCC (circa interview conducted by Emily Mathis - this was a reason he relied upon, to explain why he would see if somebody was a child sex offender, and Epstein wasn't one according to this self-proclaimed expert) that is not what they are purely motivated by.  

[Women have written so much about this, even from a place that isn't necessarily as a sex workers, because women who are using tech regularly and are nerdy women are coming across the problems that for some reason you're not listening to.](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🫀_Our_Hearts_Our_Minds/🐦‍🔥_Trauma_Psychology_Medical_Misuse/🪬_xenofeminism_link_note.md)  

We are writing so much about the actual root causes of harm; why are the opinions of men, who appear to be at least unbothered by this, if not actually harming women and children, being prioritised?  

[The CTSA is what you need to fix, if you actually give a shit about what you are claiming to give a shit about; this legislation, stands a good chance of actually making the same harms worse.](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🫀_Our_Hearts_Our_Minds/🕯_Exorcising_Safeguarding_Shadows/💩_why_ctsa2015_violated_every_iicsa_principle.md)  

It sounds like a win, but all you're doing is playing into poor indexing, which actually makes it harder for the current people who are working with child abuse material and trying to drill down on perpetration, to be able to work with the material that they have and the environment that they have. There is a chain of events that you set off for anyone who is actually working or producing that material that is currently lawful, in a way that actively harms them and pushes them into more exploitative work. We have to ask ourselves therefore, what the motivating factors are, and unfortunately it does point to people trying to hide their material through a sweeping indexing change, or trying to "increase the pool".  

There are so many people who actively really care about being able to protect children from home, who either produce or consume this material consensually as adults, and whilst you may not wish to work with them as your first choice, they are your best bet for protecting from harm. There have been a few different changes in this area that have been proposed in the last few years which in the UK does seem to suggest that there are people who are telling you the wrong thing on purpose, or a deeply uninformed and are trying to portray themselves as experts.  

The reason of seeing so many weird comments on the feeds for this from the news, is because a lot of people are essentially saying that it's not going to make a huge difference for most regular viewers of consensual Adult material, because those viewers understand that the phrasing is just meant to substitute something around taboo. The people that you actually need to be concerned about, or potentially now going to have their material modelled in with the language which will come as a result of this enforced legal change, making it harder to track down those people if that's who you've actually care about stopping.  

And the vast majority of Adult men know all of that. Some of them are just being more honest with you than the rest of them, when they write those comments.  

---
