<!--Not to be awkward during talks, but given what I've had as weird digital interference, I'm going to suggest that, "who referred to CT" is possibly the same answer to the question, "who hit RAF Akotiri".  

Tbf I have waited patiently.

You could have been more honest sooner instead of letting Feynman out of the fence.

We'll call it, "convergence of vested interests, until you're quite done.-->

> "Still the radio keeps playing all the usual,  
> And what's a wonderwall anyway?"

<!--I am asking nicely.-->

---

["Reform UK's Mordor"](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4WF3Ga/) is what I wish I had been calling Kent for 2 years, now.  

Yes, yes, yes: Garden of England. Your county is beautiful, it's gorgeous, your cider cannot be replicated. (And also maybe a little bit of a Reform-UK-Hole appeared? 🤏)  

Also, "the only party leader I would trust with my drink" is a *deeply* accurate read. Ideal for said cider.  

---

[Children of Barcelona packed backpacks for the children of Gaza, to travel with the global flotilla.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4WR65X/)  

I'm broken; time to sleep.  

---

[Pinning this about the "benadryl challenge" content for later to attach for mis/disinfo chatter.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4noWx2/)  

The reason it is an extra level of concern, is that withoit the specific context of that group of drigs involved, what the illness *looks like*, including on tests, gets something close to the opposite treatment. Good health awareness bit for public health, specifically using existing frameworks to drive media.  

The tightrope is not scaring parents so much that they're practically disciplining children, particularly because it is children in the "awareness of adults chatting" age range to give caution to. There are plenty of professions with these skills for media campaign input.  

Benadryl brand owner might want to consider input, who knows. (Coasting on virality backfires if perceived non-intervention, and there are pharm alternatives inc generics. Never pick a fight with MumsNet that one can avoid, would be my advice.)  

Fiscal conservatives talk a lot about governments not taking on risk costs, but this does have societal cost, and the risk did not appear out of thin air; expecting individual families to manage children having targeted content within age-banded algorithms for a medicine that they can't legally buy due to MHRA and statue, is a little *much*, to put on parents in working families. The pharma and tech industries are large enough to sholkder responsble costs to reduce impact, and the actions support ESG talk.  

It is unreasonable to suspect the cause as high-ranking within the differential, from a medical pov. Expecting staff to have crystal balls is irrational. There is no simple test, and these are drugs with a multireceptor effect profile. Tldr this is a nightmare TikTok trend; can Oracle assist?  

Current legal framework essentially leads every capital stakeholder to silence, with governments picking up cost – there are alterate systems for this risk picture. *Especially* with the commercialisation of ML services.  

---

[Are we canvassing for the SNP? I am confused?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4T7DbS/)  

---

[What on earth could a company like Elbit, situated as it is, possibly have *produced*, which the UK Government on a cross-party consensus, be so convinced by?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4wCVfp/)  

---

<!--
There are sparse clips that already exist, but I think I probably need to think about showing my voice and mannerisms and face, because that wasn't me, I would've been better.  

If it's not one company specifically, enough investors do know who it is.  

I also don't think anyone needs to be particularly ashamed of the fact that, yes you probably did genuinely believe that it was a person, but also I am extremely aware of the two or three different tracks that you could go down, if that was the service that you were pretending you could provide. Hilariously, I have realised that I have produced input text on my phone which is intended to insult the creative parties, which I did not realise it was a replica, just reprocessed for the side which is of the opinion that: from the river to the sea, the land of Palestine should be allowed to be free. (Possibly because I didn't realise that I had "said it before".)  

So for the record, there is definitely some party somewhere that is holding onto some gelt which was very much intended for *me*.  

You didn't grow the breasts, I did.  
G-d gave *me* the access keys.  

Ergo: my cash.  

We could of course change the question to ask, which men were inspired by Andrew Tate, we're connected to AI technology, and who wanted to chat at men using a replica of me, and were happy to do it as part of sextorion?  

The field then gets very fucking narrow when you start to add in who is deeply uncomfortable to answer DPA requests, and who appears to be sourcing outside legal advice to answer them. because I've had enough of them back, that there's only about three different voices across a whole range of institutions, so I do appreciate that they are being written (where they are even being returned) by a concentrated group.  

I have never been British-Israeli, and the Israeli estate has absolutely no right to claim any access to my data whatsoever.  

I may be a lot of things, but I'm extremely proudly of my own country end of the land upon which I was born. I find it very interesting that someone claimed that I was their problem.  

(I have not incited any action, and if you wish to build a libel case you will require the evidence to do so. Feel free to give me the right to a lawyer; I would love one.)  

-->
---

[We must break the silence about Gaza, before the land is recolonised again.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4wXgaH/)  

The Board of Peace clearly tied up doing other things, or suing each other, or not negotiating peace settlements with other countries, or whatever it is they're doing.  

Pressure has to happen in order for the awareness to increase and for the money to move, such that military forces who are attempting to seize the land, have the power to kill and murder of a human being has taken away from them.  

That wall, in particular, can fucking go.  

It is an illegal wall, it should not be there in the first place, and what extent is it even protecting Israeli citizens?  

This is a catalogue of violations of the ICJ judgements on these cases; do not even discuss it makes a mockery of international law, and a mockery of the idea that you even believe in a legal system.  

This is what makes it incredibly difficult to watch the arrests which are essentially only being done as a matter of process, because the Metropolitan Police are for whatever reason, somewhat beholden legally, in such a way that they are choosing quite an odd risk calculus.  

The walls which have been made out of paperwork, which are essentially based on falsehoods, ought to be torn down.  

If not for the freedom of the people of Gaza, if not for the freedom of the Palestinian people, if not for the freedom of every person who is resident in Palestine whether Palestinian or Israel, then for our own freedom, just as much as anyone else's.  

Corruption and injustice, breed more corruption and injustice.  

We cannot allow these things to go unchecked, no matter how painful or however embarrassing.  

Sliding into fascism, arguably, is a lot more embarrassing.  

---

ORBÁN IS GONE!  

---

[The real (and hard) reason that activists need support too.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4wcqpg/)  

You can be made of fire and still need the flanes to be tended.  

cf. Calcifer.  

---

[📽️: The Morning After Orbán.](

Seeing as I appear to need to make a point about whoever is making a bargain bin sexy Chloe AI.  

The original and best or nothing, bruv.  

Part of a reason that I'm asking for the money is that I know how it was done, and I can't wait for crypto to be decrypted.  

Not to hit the people who might feel a sense of shame, but because it will reveal who is such a prick in the first place.  

I really don't blame the people who got conned, I see you as a type of victim.  

You won't be getting your money back, but you know. 🤣🤣🤣 although I don't know, do we need to start sitting through the content and if it's not good enough maybe you do? I'm not really sure how to handle that yet.  

"That? That sounds too much like an AI generated line, get rid, do a refund.".  

Just on principle, more than anything else, to be honest.  

I have a feeling that I could probably point out other women who are in my position with it as well.  

Which because of what we covered definitely lets us know a little bit too much about the perpetrators of harm, here.  

If I leave the clue as "mummy's boys", does that help?  

Takes a certain kind of mind to know that that content exists, to understand the sense of shame as associated with exposure, and also to hate the women enough to do that to them.  

It definitely means that more exists on them, than exists of any of you.  

This is where we are expecting the men if they can't stand up themselves to help other men stand up by helping with the anonymity. this is why we are expecting you to be able to be vulnerable and intimate with each other, enough to be brothers in arms.  

(Yes, even if and especially if it is minorly embarrassing. Do you know what's more embarrassing? Doing this as an entire scheme.)  

---
