[🇬🇧: The dogpiling on Zack Polanski as a leader of a party and saying that that party is antisemitic and essentially painting him as a disgrace, is the act which itself reveals the British establishment antisemitosm that we never talk about. Let us discuss.  ](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRX8X9nb/)  

On a quick sidenote, I think that reading that group chat and giving it that much attention in the time of a live streams genocide, where a number of people are going to be algorithmically placed in atrocity content for most of their online experience, on top of potentially having family there, is a bit ridiculous.  

I'm not saying that you can't feel somewhat hurt or that the language is blunt, but I think in the context of what we can see that's been shared, a sense of outrage across several newspapers is a little silly. It's very clear that whoever was involved just didn't want to engage with the people who said those things, because one of the things you all accuse the hard left of doing is being too nice to each other and talking to each other about it. So essentially if it is not the case that the greens are hard left, and I thought that was the reason they were secretly antisemitic... do you know what, I'm not sure I've got the brain cells today.  

What these papers do a lot of is to really rely on Gideon Faulkner as a source, and as an authority.  

This is where I'm going to remove all of the very obvious moral conversations we should have about genocide conventions to one side, because I would hope that for the vast majority of people the ICJ protections would motivate you more to action than the niche politics of one group of people who might possibly be impacted, particularly as they are not the whole group who is under threat of genocide.  

I am going to point at the fact that this comes timed to distract from the coverage of the fact that in the first time since Nazi Germany, a state has signed into law, with glee, the ability to sentence to death and murder their own citizens based on racial grouping by others.  

I find it very hard to see why we are suddenly talking about this, because the news item in this group chat is actually a little old, and the state of Israel has just formslised apartheid even further, to the extent that it is pretty difficult for anyone who really wants to deny the apartheid is there, to now argue to themselves that it's not there.  

The interplay between the genocide conventions and the media and public consent are all things which are impacted by the way in which this is being done as a story and the timing of it, and even if there is no intention at all, it tells us where everyone's attention is or is not, and I'm very unfortunate several outlets have chosen to not honour the genocide conventions that came out of 1945.  

I think that is a very disappointing of itself, and I would strongly advocate that this needs to become a conversation about the desperate needs to act in protection of Palestinians, and also to mitigate the risk of genocide, and that looks like boycotting, diverting, and sanctioning.  

This law and this legal change have not been condemned in the strongest terms by our politicians. Whilst we've done this type of behaviour for many years, we should know that in such a age of information sharing, to consistently choose to present ourselves like this to the world, is more visible now than it has ever been before, and it loses completely the Sheen that we used to have as a kind of protective covering, that we were doing humanitarian work; it is clearer than it has ever been before any of the intentions have been.  

I'm going to therefore be very short with my explanation as to why all this story really shows me as a Jewish woman is that white British man are extremely strange about Jewish people.  

You relate to Gideon more than you relate to Zack, because he seems more like you; that apparently is enough for you to run with some of the most painful accusations that could be made, coming from a white male lens (because that's the place that it reads from, when it is published from a British newspaper, it does not read as if another Jewish man is saying it, which doesn't lend it authority so much as make the power dynamic and the coercion, look worse). I think it's extremely disappointing how a lot of white people have engaged in essentially this old cottage and industry of being let off the hook as long as certain things are published.  

what is really sickening? Is that this entire framing of this story, essentially places to Jewish men head to head, arbitrarily makes one more authoritative, but what we're probably not noticing is that essentially the object which is being used as the place from which this sense of right and wrong even comes from, all the heartfelt comments of a Palestinian woman in the UK who is British Palestinian, who has been arrested many times who has had a career threatened all because she is Palestinian and resisting, and incredibly brave woman... and because this has been written from a white man's perspective on the matter, the dehumanisation of Palestinian women has been taken to its end in so far as she has been belittled to nothing more than a point upon which the British establishment can tell us all what kind of Jewish men they find acceptable in which kind of Jewish men they feel are unacceptable.  

This is absolutely sickening once you see it for what it is.  

The fact that anyone can choose to put the cost of doing business higher than ensuring they have no part in a genocide, is truly wild to me, and it tells me exactly who can and can't be trusted in the years ahead.  

I appreciate we've all been given Iran a lot of attention, and I don't want to take our focus off the people of Iran. You are currently under a significant bombing campaigns, but we are almost being split in several different directions on purpose, and no one should forget everyone else, especially in cases where civilians have been targeted, most importantly when they're already under genocide. 

Any white person who can't really understand why anyone is involved in this, needs to think really hard about how they heat their homes, and their cars are run on, even if they are electric.  

Whatever we want to call this scale of shitty behaviour and being subject to shitty behaviour, let us be really clear that the person who is suffering the most in this scenario and who has been projected upon the most in the scenario, is Dr Rahmeh Aladwan. This is because she is a British Palestinian woman and her people are currently under genocide, she is still suffering the most even in this country, which shows everyone else in the world how we have been unable to do more to protect her from this.  

I'm going to exclude the people who were anonymous in the group chat, because it's not possible to see you they are.  

Next is Zack Polanski, a British Jewish man, because he has offered even any support, even though many would say that he has not gone far enough, towards British Palestinians and Palestinians more generally.  

next on the line, before we get to the British white male establishment, is Gideon Faulkner. You might not think that I'm going to see much sympathy with this man, and certainly we are in into very different categories politically, but you have put him into a place where he is going to perform like this as long as the dynamic continues, because you have made his admission into society at whichever level he sits at, conditional. I don't want to say the man doesn't have autonomy or responsibility for anything he's done, that's not correct eithe, but something that is very frustrating from a Jewish perspective is seeing how much our behaviour depends on often undiscussed and acknowledged conditions. it is extremely clear to us what you expect our behaviour to be, based on who you will listen to and who you will allow to be authority to cone from.  

So let's just come back to the fact that in this scenario the person who is being punished the most is not only the person most at risk from genocide in the current moment, but there's also the person doing the most to resist that genocide in the current moment, for which where is a country, and for which our media as an industry, have participation and therefore complicity in.   

Dr Rahmeh has the most to lose, has probably lost the most, and yet is receiving the lease support.  

It's very sadly does give the impression of the British media ecosystem which is no different from that of 20 or 30 years ago.  

---

🇺🇸: I'm going to hate saying this, because it has the capability to stop Trump crashing an buring quicker, but we need to talk about *what may be happening* in terms of "why" he is currently talking more shit than usual. [Most recent Polaris discussion.](./20260330.md) Evidence at least French President has made similar comments since (good to know it's not just me, I guess).  

A lot of people are reaching for emotional state and the advancing of an organic condition; I am not discounting these, but they are the business of him and his own health team.  

I'm going to present another possibility, which the West may/may not have knowledge of in a defence-related capacity, if not my word you are truely siloing academia too much, because if any state can get to your data (and apparantly China has instances of having done so within the last 12 months), the aggregate knowledge and data is present in Western ecosystems. This was what my "oh ffs" screenshots were around yesterday, and I need you to appreciate that I lose a lot of digital functionality when I do things like this. Everything magically fucks up, because...idk man let's call it magic, why not.  

There is a lot of research around states which are often described aas "religious", "spiritual", "out of body", etc in the Western academic discourse. Specifically, if we consider it is possible to weaponise a platform like TikTok if you have the scale, it is possible and it is at least understood in parts, across a system, how to most effectively game the algorithm to push categories of user accounts closer to the circumstances of environment that increase the likelihood of detachment and dissociation from consensus reality. This is why "good digital health" is an important conversation, and we've had plenty of waves of teenagers and young people in their 20s (predominantly, but not exclusively), crying their eyes out online from these experiences and the "come down", in a way which mimics your mate who did two days of MDMA and the rest. This is an effect which is not unlike potency of pharmaceuticals.  

Trump is a deep-use internet user, has been consistent and deeply using for a number of years, and not only has a natural tendancy to believe he will be absolutely fine whatever he does, but also has a disability which can make it more challenging to put up cognitive resistance to the emotional impacts of whatever the algorithm spits at him.  

He will likely be a reasonably identifiable user online, in terms of characteristic signal. It's not the same risk that some random like you or me would have, so it's high level but could be essentially captured and triangulated fairly tightly.  

All you would need to do is digitally nudge his algorithmic placement, and you have *a lot* of potential for control.  

Noticed him getting weird recently?  

(He has just sort of sacked military leadership and key figures covering those DOJ disclosures, so he is having some sort of moment.)  

None of this has to be a reason we sounds like that however – he could just be mentally crushed from not immediately winning, but this is a useful example of how this risk can appear.  

My current work is templating risk scoring systems as self-use tools around this; a lot of my digital applications are now behaving oddly, and my algorithmic expereince is a bit of a ride to say the least.  

---

🇬🇧: I'm also very aware that whilst the feedback [here](./20260323.md) may have been injested, I am already very aware that the South Asian community in that city will have a lot to say (and several different things from different groups to say), and that this does make the fact that I am awaiting a response from Derbyshire Police even more ridiculous. I'm in a series of emails across regional organisations, and I will hopefully be able to wrap a raft of it up without needing to be "100% ready", so I can wait for the Met.  

You can't just rely on good PR to police by consent; it is necessary to follow the other Peel values.  

It feels a little unlikely that I'm just "being missed by accident", when the scripting for media was that exact, quite frankly.  ]

I do need to be able to understand if this is being complicated by CT policing for several reasons; it has been two years, and this is ridiculous.  

---

And because some of you still feel very puzzled by [this](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chloe-birney-78b95b2bb_%D7%A7%D7%93%D7%99%D7%A9-%D7%99%D7%AA%D7%95%D7%9D-%D7%91%D7%96%D7%9E%D7%9F-%D7%9E%D7%9C%D7%97%D7%9E%D7%94-mourners-%E1%B8%B3addish-activity-7218003762794172416-RqSf?utm_medium=ios_app&rcm=ACoAAEzZf5sBQCZX9MaUon1j8NIHcaS29nKVYqs&utm_source=social_share_send&utm_campaign=copy_link), regarding Kaddish, the reason that it failed when you lifted it to be used by politicians who aren't Jewish, and chopped out the reference which would've landed for British Muslims (and because of a similarity works for Christians), is because you entered yourselves and you need to look a certain way in public.  

The reason that it specifically worked from a very blonde very white Jewish woman, is that I was being upheld as an example of why we were going into Gaza, and I was the crocs upon which we were villainising Palestinian men, in order to justify crimes against humanity and genocide. If you have someone in that position and you say, do you know what let's be vulnerable for a minute, and I'm going to linguistically recognise not just that I have a difficulty in saying certain parts of these prayers, but I'm also going to make an incredibly clear that the death of your children matters to me trust as much of the death of mine would, that is why it worked in that specific way. I would regard that as the least I would be able to do. I am not the first Jewish woman to have done that, there were plenty of Jewish woman who came out of losing their children in October 7 who made it very clear that they did not want their pain to become another mother's pain in Gaza. When they spoke, they reminded me of many other mothers I have witnessed or read, in circumstances why they have lost their children in a similar setting, who have also spoken up very strongly to criticise unnecessary warfare. Cindy Sheehan was but one. I wasn't right, I was actually looking at this in a very white Jewish woman perspective, and it's only really sense than I've experienced of the most vile teaching of sentiment in my life, chiefly people who say that they want to go and flatten Gaza. if only one radicalised day it was the work of white men, assisted by some Jewish men; if anyone radicalised me, it was all of you losing sight over what is important, for what your emotions drove you to do.  

I appreciate that that probably did enough narrative damage in and of itself, that that itself would've gotten me on *someone's* shitlist. (And goodness knows we have all been at each other's throats for so long.) It didn't work when politicians who were not Jewish started adopting only the Jewish linguistic portion, because it showed a preference and a priority, and it lacked the same power because it did not come from the supposed focus of "why" we "had" to starve the people of Gaza. It was a very small thing to do, but grief is incredibly difficult for everyone, and sometimes there is no greater expression of love than standing next to someone when they are losing their entire world, and saying in whatever way works best, that you are there with them.  

It didn't work when being with people in their grief was conditional. It didn't work when it was being used to reiterate an apartheid of grief. Again, it was a very small little thing to do, and I think the amount of perplexity that it appears to have generated, shows perhaps that the work we need to do here is more about anti-racism, and less about the precise linguistics.  

(Is this why you have involved someone with a linguistics PhD? I'm aware there is one knocking around.)  

There is no hierarchy of grief and trauma, which doesn't mean that you can't sometimes allow for people to use the adjectives that work best for them, but we know that in reality pain is pain is pain.  

Don't take this as a reason to shit on the way at the resolution around slavery was worded; I think we need to don't appreciating what other people are saying, instead of policing how they express their grief.  

---

There is a reasonably high likelihood that I'm going to switch off for this Shabbat, given that it's also Passover; I need to clear my head, and pretend that emails don't exist for 25 hours.  

---
