[🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇮🇱: If Iran would still like to drop the next lego vid, I think the IRGC may now have an audience in "the public of the West".](https://aje.news/9k7fl9)  

> "Let them feel that they're important to the cause,  
> But let them know that they are fighting for their homes:  
> Just be sure that they're contributing their all.  
> Give the scum a gun and make the bugger fight,  
> And be sure to have deserters shot on sight.  
> If he dies we'll send a medal to his wife."

[🇬🇧: We are still part of their kill chain](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRXwFqLE/), [just as AI companies' employees are](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRXwj1sk/), and this is why [you will keep seeing citizen resistance](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRXwjAkn/), in part for the prosocial impulse not to do harm to people overseas, as well as in part for the prosocial impulse not to do harm to people here.  

Your health data and location data, all of the data we have, trains these sysyems, and enough people see the exploitation in both places.  

Unrestrained capitalism is the reason the AI industry currently acts like this; they require regulation and boundaries to not be fascism-on-steroids, and that regulation has to be able to sink teeth into legal entities of the size of the tech industry.  

Without regulation, you're essentially forcing the tech men to maximise shareholder value, but with a product/service selection that is beyond deadly. This is not sustainable.  

Legal guardrails are common sense protection. They are everyone's protection, even people who appear to benefit from not having them.  

---

[🇱🇧/🇮🇱: So wtf are we all going to do about Israel being peri-genocial-state, because it *is*, and we did all let it get there, so how tf are we going to help its victims and survivors by neutralisong the legal and military system of it?](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2026/4/8/iran-war-live-trump-announces-truce-tehran-agrees-safe-transit-in-hormuz)  

How do we actually just calm it the fuck down?  

That is the West's current priority – even if you don't give a fuck about the area in which it is, can't exactly say that it's been completely harmless here either.  

Notice that I am neither including the actual physical land, or any people who are there, I am talking about the legal entity and the military machine that currently exists.  

I am not even including members of the IDF *by true necessity*, I am opening the question to the westerners who may still feel very emotionally attached to the current idea that they have in their head of what that is, and asking how they are going to calm it the fuck down.  

Because that is what the Geneva conventions require you to do in full, without unnecessarily inciting any other identity driven violence... you feel me?  

The higher you up on the totem pole, the greater the responsibility, and the greater the act expected and the legal conventions.  

Even if you think you can get away with current court cases, human beings dislike the process of genocide enough that they tend to build systems of justice around it.  

---

Just realised any citizen in any country whoch is allied or in intellegence agreement with US/IL could put in whatever their version of an IPT review is for expressing a "lets not" opinion on this war anywhere near the internet, and just let the volume allow theor government to raise the question of overreach.  

Given that it's already doing a secret police for its own journalist and anyone who it doesn't consider white enough, as well as anyone who holds a whole list of opinions that are completely normal to hold, do you think that it's probably not trying to overreach?  

Show your countries that you want them to be sovereign in their own treaties; you need to give your countries the power that they need to stand up to things that are as big as that defence infrastructure. Politicians need to be able to say that their own citizens; they need to be able to argue domestic instability with data.  

If anything, every country should be allowing free and circuit criticism as far as possible if any defendants have an intelligence agreements with the two states.  

No state has a right to exist as a legal entity – these are constructs that we choose to engage in to try and manage the complex experience of having lots of human beings here on this planet. When states behave like this, it is helpful to remind them that is the case, that it is an option, that it is a luxury. That not only does it require consent, but that consent can be revoked at any time.  

Palestinian-leD BDS reject the vast majority of the companies which are the underpinnings of this ridiculous empire, which hides behind American identity and Jewish identity as they need to, as well as your own countries nationalism, in order to hurt the working class in the middle class in their entirety all over the world.  

There was a reason that they really fucking didn't want any chances on the basis of BDS to happen.  

Palestine has one of the highest literacy and education rates in the world because the people that have had to work so hard in order to be heard at all; they didn't just randomly pick targets.  

You don't have to embody the whole diet at once, but it is worth considering, because the only language some people respond to is cold hard cash.  

And if it is the case that the US is using online scraping in order to put anyone who looks this up online on a list? Every single example is an active overreach which harms the democracy of your own country, and it should be raised as appropriate.  

Your avoidance is a natural symptom of having been in a coercive control relationship for a long time; when systems or people rely on career control, they do need to have you showing very healthy boundaries to them. You don't have to do it all in one go, but you need to start putting in boundaries.  

---

> "Tóg an teanga.  
> Tóg an talamh.  
> Scrois an cultúr.  
> Scrois na daoine.  
> Coilíneachas turns all things to dust,  
> And those who oppose are called sceimhlitheoirí."

> "Ver hot bashlosn az mir zoln lebn reyshis-kol,  
> Fun dem vos kristn torn nisht- ay loz es reb yisroel?  
> Bay printsn nemen mir protsent, un zenen nose-kheyn,  
> Un monen op bay poyerim, vos veynen vi fun khreyn.  
>
> Mir hitn nit keyn gertner op, flantsn keyn geviks:  
> Mir hondlen, borgen, dingen zikh, s’vert an idee fixe!  
> Tsi makhnes darf? Tsi felt a shklaf? Bay undz farkoyft zikh alts!  
> Mir zenen kontsert mayster fun Eyropes hondl-vals."

> "قالوا ما حدا بتغير بنفس المكان
> ومين يحكيلهم إحنا غير
> ياما إنحكالنا قصايد عنا ما بتلبق إلنا وليه
ولا حد يحكيلهم ليه، آه
> بس أنا قلبي عمره ما بينسى
إسمه وهواه، آه
> وأنا قلبي ما بينسى
> إسمه هواه، إسمه هواه، آه
>
> شمسي أنا الحرية
> ما بحني راسي لمية
> هبت رياح شرقية
> سجل أنا عربية
> وبعرف أصلي أنا
> أصلي أنا
> أصلي أنا
>
> ع اللي ضاع من عمري وأنا أخبيها من كل عين دواره
أسيرة بدربٍ مرسوم بخطى مكارة
> يا معذرة يا أنا، ضليت ونورك ضل يحميني
> إنتي أصل الأصل وأصلي أنا فلسطيني"


---

Imperialism doesn't respect men.  

If they start to even show the most fleeting and minor symptoms, that they may about to gain political consciousness, the empire will panic, and start to play a very cruel trick.  

This is done because politically contrast men are very dangerous men, when you are an empire. They are not by default your allies, which is why they are neutralised at the earliest available opportunity.  

Many men, like women, are indeed human beings. The trick is cruel because it seeks to weaponise that, and building human beings as being buffers for any resultant frustration.  


The most useful thing that an empire can do if a man is starting to look politically conscious at all, it's to start with a look for a woman, or a man if that is too his taste, to put in his way. If he can associate rebellion with a single individual woman, then the empire can divert his attention from unlearning, and reinforce that which he already does onto the woman in question, repeating the violence of vampire and associating this with being masculine and the head of a household. this is not to say that having a Family is wrong, or that having a marriage is inherently bad, but all of a sudden this will be something which is offered practically on a silver platinum, to any men that might possibly be becoming politically conscious.  

Any frustration caused by his lack of freedom then gets projected onto women, in this case the literal ball and chain. The violence which could have been directed towards poisonous systems becomes directed at an individual human in the home.  

If we look at the variety of men that this trick is played on, it really does show how absolute terrified patriarchy is, of having free, informed, and respectful men, particularly if they are in positions of power within that system when they are part of the system.  

This isn't to demonise or villainise the desire to have company or comraderie, the desire to have a home, or the desire for other human beings – in fact, it is to recognise how important those things are to us it's humans, and how cool it is to recognise them just to keep a system alive, particularly if that system essentially stands to use those very precious things in order to buffer against criticism.  

A very easy way to tell if this is being utilised against political consciousness, is to ask how much it would really hurt, if we let any man who that is being used against, marinate to consciousness? What is the rush, particularly if it is all of a sudden so important, that he marry?  

It is not that marriage is not a good distraction, in general terms, but using it as a distraction whilst men are maturing into political consciousness?  
That is very cruel.  

It will also make them a fucking nightmare in the years to come, because they will not know where to put that frustration other than on what appears to interrupt their process to freedom, and as they have not reached the point where they understand that the woman is not the problem, women again become the buffer on the empire's behalf.  

Presenting a "rebellious" woman to a man who is reaching a particularly important point of political consciousness, is simply a way to invite him to remember the power vested to him by empire; it is to prevent him from leading a rebellion, which is far scarier to empire, such that they are willing to risk women to quell and quash his desire to do so.  

Patriarchy hates men just as much as it hates women. We are just the most likely to die for it to continue.  

The point isn't for the man in these positions to feel that they are the problem or to personalise the emotion, but rather to recognise quite how powerful they are almost about to be, for this to be the trick that is played upon them.  

What kind of threat do you need to pose personally into an empire, for it to be prepared to make concessions that it ordinarily forbids? Attempting to show this level of apparent willingness to negotiate, this level of apparent respect, is most meaningful for an otherwise very proud system and very controlling system, in that it is annoucing the degree of fear for what that individual is capable of, where they to continue uninterrupted.  

Revolutions don't have to be chaste, and they don't have to lack any fun entirely, but you do have to realise when you're being played with by powers which prefer you did not live a joyful existence.  

It is also far easier an explanation, for imperial powers to point what they will say is "human weakness", than to actually engage in anything of rhetorical value; by putting down a man's agreement with a woman to merely some emotional fluff, not any values her work but it also values his reasoning.  

Are you telling me that you have such a well-oiled machine, and yet you can't stand the questions that have been brought up by a few Jews? Surely it can't take that little, to poke holes in?  

(I thought the point of capitalism was that you got to have a choice about why you invested your assets? Are you saying it's not okay when we do the "choice" bit? IRGC vibes, much. 🙄 But then I guess they did learn it from the same place as you.)  

flattening the experience of other men's emotional experiences to being entirely things of a sexual desire, is what we men do in order to control stronger or more interesting men; this is why the Manosphere for example preys upon sexuality to such an intense degree.  

By making men's experiences in positively relating to women, as "nothing more than lust", they undermine one of the most critical means by which humans seek solidarity and advanced political goals.  

It is not inherently a good or a bad thing to be attracted to other adults (I'm talking about the attraction, not necessarily any particular actions afterwards, different conversation). By moralising this, by oversimplifying it, and by placing a number of extremely specific expectations on it, men who are otherwise unable to leave are able to coerce and manipulate men they would not ordinarily be able to stand against.  

The men who instigate this behaviour, who instigate this analysis, are the ones who are loudly telling us all how they view the world.  

By displacing the belt blame onto other men, they silence men who are most able to police men as a group. This is why we need men to be able to respond to this in a way which asserts healthy masculinity, without furthering that patriarchal violence that is underlying this.  

We are starting to see shaky examples of men being able to engage with this publicly, and I'm not saying that you're all completely perfect right now, but this is what we need to start exploring and listening to feedback from women and other marginalise people on, in order to protect ourselves from the type of people, be they men or otherwise, who seek to manipulate the importance of human sexual experience as a way to advanced their own political aims.  

It is also, entirely possible to read someone's work, even if you fancy them a little bit, and still think the workers intellectually robust. That can exist even if that desire wains completely. We also have a whole class of what we call work crushes or academic crushes, which often exists completely independently of any sexual or romantic desire, but rely on it intensity of experience in being seen or feeling to have been seen, which is another conversation for another other day.  

I feel like I'm starting to appreciate by the intelligence apparatus can't really be male-led, because really so many of these conversations happen in groups of women at the start of their academic journey, and I just don't think there is a healthy way to balance the natural curiosity, when a loss of our monitoring guidelines are actually quite subjective; I can't under play how likely it is that the way in which patriarchy cuts off the emotion of men, would naturally lead them to overreach in their system, without even realising what is motivating them to do so. this is slightly unrelated to my point above, because there are such a large number of men for whom this is extremely likely to be the case within that entire industry. In this respect, having women under surveillance is essentially giving them the most fascinating thing to watch in their lives, and the sense of danger and adrenaline will only drive them to think that somehow they are recognising risk, when what they are recognising is a society-wide unacknowledged emotional need, which happens to impact men the most, particularly with personalities which lend them themselves to the specific industry.  

*Yehi mar'at d'mvtchem tz'lvlah.*  

---

[The IDF called the synagogue collateral damage. Old line, rehashed.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FgkMH/)  

Why did you use weaponary that could do this, then?  

It just stands as an insult to every single time that kosher and historic scrolls have been smuggled out of places; the arrogance to do this is unbelievable.  

I am extremely aware that failure to de-escalate over time, is the reason for seeing this today.  

I do not need to hear from any person, especially someone who wasn't Jewish, asking me to defend this legal entity, or this military.  

I didn't want to hear it after the 7th of October, but hopefully now you can see in great relief how this military acts, and how it prioritises harm, you might be able to see why I find it so insulting that I'm expected to support it.  

It was also incredibly clear by the third or fourth month, that they clearly did not give a shit about protect protecting anyone within it from what happens with long term repeat X exposure; the military is structured in such a way that the system encourages full emotional disembodiment, and it essentially banks on the fact that some people will experience such significant mental health outcomes, and accepts that that is collateral, which makes a mockery of all the times that apparently it is important to minimise hostagetaking.  

The West created this machine, and Britain is extremely close to culpability for that machine. This is deeply uncomfortable as a British Jew. This is also why I consistently try as much as I often fail to, listen to and prioritise the Palestinian voices who have been trying so hard for so many years to see collaboration, because they clearly do have a better idea of how dangerous and harmful this is to humanity than I do.  

It is extremely hard to challenge things that you just accept as being normal and true, and this is part of the work that you have to do to unlearn the system of violence.  

I don't want a world in which I am still expected to produce sons, explicitly to send to either their death or their emotional destabilisation, even one specific military, so that the we can keep a very specific exploitative system alive.  

I don't understand how that's supposed to be emancipation for any of us, regardless of if you're not even Palestinian, and you're not Jewish; this is the system which we are all culpable in, within the economic system of the West.  

---

[Guys. Who writes these algorithms? it's not actually helping in a feminist way, to just come after the young women who are making money, especially if your argument is that they potentially have been groomed themselves?](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FbPFS/)  

Let's not pretend that everyone is okay with the idea of helping people who have ever done sex work before, because so you would rather hate on us, than actually liberate us or protect your own children. The moment that you actually start including sex workers and people who have done sex work before in your conversations, that is the moment when you're actually going to be able to protect your children even more. If you only listen to people who exclude them, you are not going to be able to protect your daughters or your sons. Who do you think has the most experience and most exposure to the most dangerous sides of men who aggressively sexualise women and children?  

It also just says very clearly that you have less respect for us, even when we have been in any way groomed or coerced by men in positions of power, in relation to us. This makes it shameful, rather than actually giving good exits out. This may seem like it's helping in the short term, but would it actually does is make it even harder once people are in vulnerable positions, in order to seek means out of that scenario, if they want to be able to exit.  

When you make this an entirely shameful experience, you're only going to get people who get locked into this. You're also just refusing to put any blame onto any system of masculinity. There is a space where you don't need to introduce the increase in death to women in systems like the Nordic model, but can also actually hold any accountability towards men who do perform harm. This article is a really good example of how not to do that, on an editorial level.  

It is interesting therefore, that The Telegraph does not want to isolate the kind of men who can cause harm to women and children, who are being groomed or who have been groomed into sex work via online means.  

Interesting choice.  

(..so is that a backer, is it an editor, would you like me to start guessing actual names?)  
 
---

[This is a good summary of recent Jewish community in Iran.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FgXeJ/)  

[Avi Shlaim often discusses the experience of being an Arab Jew, in respect to then be able resident in the State of Israel, and the impact Thorne identity.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FvgPa/)  

---

[Awww. Hegseth felt too humbled by the Papal commentary. Cute.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FvNrD/)  

Would you like to make it even more obvious that you felt emasculated, or...?  
I didn't realise that I was going to live through a generation where it was possible for the Catholic Church as an entity to look like the good guys, and yet here we are.  

---

[Journalists: another reporter in Gaza has been murdered.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNR4FcxUV/)  

You will be yelled at for not having spoken up sooner, but this would be a very good time to point out that this is consistent with all of the other war crimes that you have seen.  

They are going to be people who express how furious they are with your silence previously, but it's still better to start speaking at some point, then to let it continue in silence.  

---
