Annoyingly, I think the defence industry actually already knows a lot about the psychological states that I would prefer to make the subject of a PhD, and as it is likely that doing anything about embodied healing in this area would be seen as detracting from security (fucking *lol* to that), it is highly unlikely that the West would ever tolerate a PhD. Too much of a magnet for *unnecessary and unwanted supervision of academia*.  

Y'all spoil everything, man.  

It also just makes me laugh because this really comes from the same place where the same people will talk about psychedelics and they will talk about cybergenics and they will talk about how we don't look at these things anymore... guys... *you are literally the reason that we don't!*  

Talk about gatekeeping.  

---

I also want to make something incredibly clear, and I'm going to attempt to address two strands of audience:  

Given the circumstances of the State of Israel's recent death penalty law, and particularly because we have taught the Holocaust the way we have taught it in the west where it is most peoples common example of atrocity, I am struggling to see where you could have any ability to criticise a comparison which could be in breach of the IHRA. I particularly can't see how this could be done if it is focusing on the circumstances and on genocide prevention.  

The definition was made in order to avoid what was seen at that time; I don't think anyone who is invested in in good faith really imagined that the State of Israel would do this, and whether that was naive or otherwise, I don't think that definition has planned for this circumstance today.  

Far more important than addressing our feelings from a trauma informed perspective, is the need to interrupt and prevent genocide.  

The genocide convention that we all signed up to after 1945 places upon us all an expectation and a commit commitment to act where there is a real risk, it does not need to be a confirmed genocide.  

I am struggling to see how anyone can fail to call it in a apartheid, given this legal change; I think it is fair to say at this point that the State of Israel wants you to know exactly how it feels about the matter. They may not wish to have association with a word that looks bad, but they certainly seem to be willingly doing the actions that are described by this word in public.  

I think it is misplacing the anger to be annoyed at people making the comparison, when perhaps it would be more appropriate to be frustrated and annoyed and angry at a state which has chosen to hide behind our shared identity, and do these things.  

I used to talk a lot about this idea of, if you feel uncomfortable using shared language in prayer, and I think that's really important for Passover. I think it's absolutely fine to be using alternative forms of Hebrew to be referring to the collective of us, and I think that is appropriate short term pivoting in order to meet the ritual conditions as openly as possible. I don't think you should have to force yourself to recommit to something that feels incorrect at this time. I think it's important to meditate on that and to acknowledge that really shitty emotions and conflicting emotions come up, but I don't necessarily think it needs to be forced through, certainly not in public.  

I also think that the way in which Robin Judaism approaches all sorts of matters, can be useful guide to difficult conversations, in the sense of getting to the corporate principles of the problem as the basis for discussion. It has also perfectly fine to adapt to whatever your family circumstances may be, and it's also perfectly okay to plan rest and plan in an alternative seder. I think it is more important to be able to strengthen yourself to get through, because I think there is a lot of work ahead.  

I think, if you do have the energy then resisting the current actions of the State of Israel can't really be against your own values as a Jew; I think the 10 Commandments are fairly obvious about this, and I think Jewish law in general is pretty obvious about this.  

I think that there may be a temptation to play this down to justify it. I think there may be an attempt to say that this is a small group of religious extremists; this passed in the Knesset. I think we need to have a serious conversation about radicalisation and extremism; I think we need to have a serious conversation about our racism towards other people. I think we need to ask ourselves how we got here.  

I don't think if it's surviving trauma means that you are doomed to repeat it to others; I think I'm a fair example that shows you really don't have to. I'm not perfect, but I do try not to be a bitch at all times. There's a lot of people like that. That isn't to take away from the times where we do harm people and we do lash out, but to say that it's not the default and you don't need to commit to it as if it's what you want to be with all your heart.  

I also think it's really important to bear in mind how that comparison came to be:  

It is quite natural to reverse the parties in a statement, and ask rhetorically whether or not this would be deemed acceptable.  

The problem is when you do that for what the state of Israel has just done, the obvious answer is, "well, a state has done that".  

From there, it doesn't take that much research to see that it was the last state to do this, on racialised or ethnic grounds.  

This is a foreseeable problem, so it would be ridiculous to say that the State of Israel had no idea that that comparison would be made.  

They are deliberately jeopardising the safety of dinosaurs by degrading the IHRA, because completing a genocide of Palestinians is more important to them, than protecting Jews who are in exodus.  

This is not a problem that you can easily fix with getting a passport, it's a problem that requires cultural change, it's a problem that requires a genocide to be stopped.  

I will hold room for the people who are shocked by this, but if you are shocked, it is evidence that's perhaps there are a number of things that you did not know about how the State of Israel was conducting itself.  

I did not know. For a very long time, I did not know.  

It is not a comfortable place to go, but it is not impossible to confront, and it is not impossible to unlearn the false, and to learn the new.  

The holiday is about our spiritual ancestors being able to do the impossible, moving from a place of being contained to a place of journeying over many years to somewhere new; I am sure you are sensible enough to see that there are parallels, and that if you needed the psychological of spiritual strength, you might be able to find it.  

And it is not simply us against the world; there are more of us in the many, than they are in the few.  

You may get your hands dirtier on this side, but I wouldn't worry too much when there is really quite a lot of work to do.  
“הַיּוֹם קָצָר וְהַמְּלָאכָה מְרֻבָּה, וְהַפּוֹעֲלִים עֲצֵלִים, וְהַשָּׂכָר הַרְבֵּה, וּבַעַל הַבַּיִת דּוֹחֵק:”

Using the IHRA definition to cover for the current legal change that allows the death penalty for Palestinians only, and functional terms, he's using the IHRA to support and uphold an apartheid and to further genocide; if you allow this to be done, how the fuck can you complain when anyone does anything which legitimately endanger us here?  

Legislators in the Knesset chose this knowingly; they are not silly people, they are just as intelligent as you and I, and they understand what this would have done, and they understand the violence that is present in the diaspora at the current moment.  

None of us can choose our family, and family should be held accountable just like anyone else.  

---

I think I've pieced together while we're here, and I can't believe that grown man can't work out the Internet for themselves.  

Oh no, wait, actually that that's very believable.  

Worst campaign I've ever DM'd istg.  
<!--Does it count as a fan club if a significant number of the people hate you? No. That's why we're accepting this as a ttrpg campaign, and for the record I never put myself in this role, not here.

Let's be honest... whoever was DMing this before was a bit shit at it. This is a more entertaining ship, you've got to admit.

I'm also slightly less of a Nazi, unless we are talking about stationary specifically. Big Nazi about stationary; I'll give you that one.-->
---

Having now realised what the actual mechanism is here, I might die of embarrassment; I'm not going to take the old posts down, I'll probably add a disclaimer. I think this is something that I wanted to do anyway, and whilst I appreciate a lot of people have been pretending to be other people and so it's rather inaccurate, the only thing that is keeping me alive is the fact that I have seen far too much of all of your shadows too.  

This truly is one of the weirdest campaigns that we could ever imagine running.  

---

I also have *a lot* to say about the IRGC today.  

It's not exactly very anti-imperial if you engage in colonial mimicry, is it?  

But I thought I'd read upon exactly how you relate to and treat Kurdish people, before we get there.  

do you honestly think that you're any better than the West, on a moral ground?  

When I say, "it's all the same men", I mean that extremely literally. You're doing exactly the same as they are doing here.  

How is it different?  

Still looks like a dick-measuring contest to me.  

"But ours are cheaper so we have more.."  

Again, *how is it different?*  

We all already knew that theirs were overpriced and altogether too shiny, but how is this supposed to be more impressive, though?  

Why haven't you demolished the wall?  

You say you are here for the Palestinians, and you're here for the children of Epstein Island, great; demolish the wall and release the files.  

But you haven't, have you?  

So how is it not imperial conquest?  

You may have done it in a smarter way, but directly impacting citizens of all of these economies is hardly non-imperial.  

Do you know what it's giving? The same logical fallacy of labour Zionism.  

Like, how can you be socialist if half of the people don't count? You can't, right? It's giving that. "We are anti-imperialist, but we are going to use the same tools and coercion as imperialism, and we're going to conduct the same degree of authoritarianism as the authoritarian state that we dislike, and we will tell ourselves that we are still the moral of our hand even though we won't actually do anything about the plight of the people upon whom we are leaning in order to form our rhetorical upper hand". It's giving that.  

I guess the West can only formally accuse you of it, once they admit what you're doing digitally, though, and to do so they might have to admit how you got the idea in the first place, and specifically why everyone chose the targeting that everyone has chosen.  

The catch 22 we all find ourselves in.  

Tell me more about how much you are really helping the survivors of the Epstein network, Iran. Tell me more.  

"But China..."  

What? The imperial power who keep trying to take Taiwan every 5 seconds, who claim to be communists in public because the IS are *still* scared of reds?  

And then you have the Russian bears: famously imperial.  

So when is it exactly that you are anti-imperial?  

The only reason that they want to take you anyway, because they've decided they want the old Persian empire?  

Please make it make sense.  

Because if this is the case, is it not just true that the only reason you don't like Zionism is because it's Jews? You may have opposed it on anti-imperialism terms when the revolution actually happened in the 70s, but aren't you just another imperial power trying to use the Palestinians as a human shield and a moral justification, therefore making yourself no better in fact, than the Zionists?  

What have you done about the wall?  

If you claim that it's because of some military advantage to retain, how is that the case if you are an invincible army?  

There's just something that isn't really adding up here, and it's either that you're weaker militarily than you're saying you are, or it's that you're weaker morally than you're saying you are.

I can't be angry at anyone who's Palestinian who is celebrating the fact that their oppresses are being bombed, but I also just don't feel that you have the moral upper hand if you have a an authoritarian regieme over your own people, and essentially all you're doing is hijacking and piggybacking on the West's own insecurities and flaws, in order to disaffect Western powers. That's extremely counterinsurgency type behaviour, if not absolute imperial behaviour, which really means that you are no better in many ways than the Zionist forces that rose to power in the 1930s.  

You just don't have the same backing, you're coming from the backing of different empires. Again, I'm not sure how anti-imperial is this really is.  
When I say I'm antifascist, I mean I am antifascist, just because I'm Jewish and oppose Zionism doesn't mean I hate myself, and it doesn't mean that I don't see when people have got a lot to say about when Jews do something versus when they do something.  

If you are truly imperial, and you truly want to do something to help that people have Palestine, won't you fucking do it?  

You are claiming to have military supremacy, but apparently you can't open one fucking gate or tear down one fucking wall.  

Bitch, please.  

You are almost as useless as the men we have here.  

---
