[🇭🇺: Never bank on Hungary when invading Europe, unless you want to lose.](https://www.tiktok.com/@mogyi0505/video/7627875022203309315?_r=1&u_code=de0h21a4161j8j&preview_pb=0&sharer_language=en&_d=el6b1276ack0a6&share_item_id=7627875022203309315&source=h5_m&timestamp=1776080949&item_author_type=2&utm_source=copy&tt_from=copy&enable_checksum=1&utm_medium=ios&share_link_id=2C26C705-035C-4A37-A648-322127E289AD&user_id=6859985413177836549&sec_user_id=MS4wLjABAAAAB4tvkJG5XpiBfa0APoQVC1_SYh_H4v1PTuA-mVzCds8yYzcxxP3i-Do6Nj1W8-vu&social_share_type=0&ug_btm=b8727,b2001&utm_campaign=client_share&link_reflow_popup_iteration_sharer=%7B%22click_empty_to_play%22:1,%22profile_clickable%22:1,%22dynamic_cover%22:1,%22follow_to_play_duration%22:-1%7D&share_app_id=1233)  

[We're having a playlist.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVekbvX/)  

[If you don't understand how this will impact Western Europe, including the UK? I promise you that this is about to change everything.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVe3Dqc/)  

You are about to watch a lot of people suddenly get very fucking nervous; these are all of the people who have depended upon the alt rate having reasonable power and opposing a reasonable threat, within your own country.  

Look for who is nervous right now. It will tell you so much (that you probably didn't want to know).  

[🇭🇺: So after the last few that we've had, I just want everyone to know that my expectations for the next Health Minister have gone away up.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVe3Dqc/)  

[This is the feed you need, if what you need is a little bit of hope.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVd1dW3/)  

There is absolutely now I need to make this more than just a coin toss, and to win the game, but I'm a great believer in just letting people have their emotional offload moment.  

[And when you have the Danube, everything looks gorgeous all of the time.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVeEbq6/)  

["Because it **is** that serious."](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVeoe1F/)  

[🇭🇺](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVdFML6/) [🇭🇺](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVdRKTR/) [🇭🇺](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVdddB5/)  

["Orbán's defeat is very bad news for Vladimir Putin"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/c2d8zw2d3rkt?post=asset%3Aa951930e-d9f4-4846-ad63-02c894889e74#post)  

[The matryoshka doll sign, though..💀💀💀](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVd1mFA/)  

Has anyone checked in on the bear today? Is he okay?  

[🇭🇺: It really **is** that deep,though.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVeWtxo/)  

["Never again, vodka-orange." I am deceased. 💀🍊🧸](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVe33jp/)  

["SOHA TÖBBÉ VODKANARANCS!" 🧸🍊🙅‍♀️](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVRJfEg/)  

[I'm also not on a wave that there are several extremely big pieces of news happening currently, and I am making a very deliberate choice in what I understand about how this specific input right here impacts other people algorithmically, and then I will cover things more precisely.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVduLGn/)  

Not just with a degree of digital interference that I personally am experiencing, but also in quite how these videos are travelling in spaces that you would normally expect them to travel in, strongly suggests that someone with power and assets is deeply uncomfortable with the un seating and Viktor Orbán, and we haven't even gotten to what the foreign Minister of Hungary apparently did, from the old government.  

If you're not seeing how di investment on the basis of BDS overlaps with divestment that should have been completed when we went into sanctions against Russia, you have not seen what is in your current pension pots; one of the very noticeable things within when we looked in our area, before the conversation was consumed around other issues, was that there was a very obvious Russian investment in there.  

It doesn't really matter if the main cause was accidental, the fact that it was so difficult to be able to talk about this with people, regardless of why it was difficult, doesn't that show you why we need to be more open in our conversation conversations and how being at loggerheads with each other really just leads to our sanctions being ineffective, against a war that we apparently all oppose? The Russian economy is on its knees in relative terms, and really there is very little that would be required, in terms of people finding these errors within our own system, and getting rid of the assets. You can make every single one of them even more of a junk bond then they already are, or make them junk.  

No one who has called for any stall on getting those BDS motions through, to my knowledge, has specifically rejected in the way that you were expect, if they were not also opposed to any financial democracy at all. They have become very upset and very focused purely on the idea of the investment needing to stay in for that country to exist as a country, they haven't responded to the picking a part of the most dangerous diver investment pieces, and in many cases we have been actively dissuaded from looking at pensions which do have active Russian investments which are in violation of sanctions, and no one has actually looked at it more broadly to see whether or not we are fully in compliance or not, especially as we have had several changes of government.  

I don't dislike Russian people, but I have a problem with knowing that my assets and my democratic consent is being used to fund a war of aggression which Putin started, in violation of Ukrainian sovereignity.  

[On the importance of record-breaking turnout.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVdwyd8/)  

["Hotel Oligarch" app. 💀💀💀](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVR6XtH/)  

---

[🇺🇸/🇮🇱/🇬🇧: )When we are seriously having to have conversations about antisemitism in situations where there has been at some point in interview of someone who has presented themselves as openly anti-Jewish (Fuentes), and we still focus on the fact that the most damaging element is to have brought accountability for actual violence to the government of the state using the name Israel, we can't pretend that the IHRA is actually defending individual Jews anymore.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVeHuAn/)  

This only defends us if we group together and call ourselves and refer to ourselves under the banner of one specific political movement. That is highly conditional whiteness. We ought to reject those conditions.  

If what we fear is to accept being out of the category of whiteness or further away from the power that this represents, it is worth bearing in mind that we would not be given even the conditional basis, if it was possible to get away with not empowering any of the collective more broadly.  

Part of the reason that we are stronger together, and we are stronger working with other communities, is because we have just enough power as a group, but it really just takes that much to tip the balance in the broader sense; any authoritarian movement seeks to disrupt our solidarity not only with each other, but with the wider collective of marginalised communities.  

Remember who you are, and stop accepting scraps.  

When there is such deliberate effort being put into making you feel fear and making you feel like you are powerless, that is usually a reasonably good indication that you hold a lot more power than the powers that be are comfortable with.  

"But what about-"  

We do not currently hold the power in this exchange to call out the finer details of what's going on here, because it is one of the only examples of people speaking very clearly against genocide. If what do you want is the ability to pick apart the elements here which we would be uncomfortable with around that exchange as Jews, you need to put more voices and a bigger selection of people who are rejecting the genocide and very clearly naming the perpetrators of violence in front of the public, without that it is not possible for us to have a meaningful conversation about the antisemitism around this particular exchange. We lack power when we look here to be supporting impunity, and we lack power when we do not challenge people within our own community, because one of the biggest sources of power that we have access to in European settings, and as a result in white American settings, is our supposed legitimacy and supposed high standard of knowledge,  education, and analytic capacity.  

The stereotype has to be able to be bought into, for it to allow us to speak.  

In that setting, it is not possible to access the power, whilst we are doing something that openly contradicted for most people.  

We should be asking ourselves who is best suited by us losing that power, if you want to really understand your benefits from the genocide.  

---

Just wait until we start asking the question within Jewish community, how we then mimic the same behaviour upon people who we should be able to welcome openly, by only allowing them into community in a conditional manner, and how that impact is the conversation that goes on around marriages and into faith families.  

I can make things awkward for a great number of people, not just people who are anti-Jewish. Antiracist praxis will save us, but we will also have to look inside ourselves and to repair the pieces of ourselves that are perpetrating that violence, even when we also are victims of violence by others.  

The only people who will realistically persuade you from this, whilst understanding what it means, whilst understanding what it is, are people who want you to live in a world which is inherently anti-Jewish.  

Ignoring the particular factors in the history circa 1970, will mislead you on where the root causes of this lie. I'm not saying it's comfortable, but when you look at it makes it a lot easier to determine what is really being protected, and be able to act accordingly.  

---

[History echoes.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVRfgKS/)  

If your weapons are for the military, why would you not declare them?  

---

Now for the news:  

[🍒](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/what-is-the-quantum-ghost-murmur-purportedly-used-in-iran-scientists/) [🥭](https://www.euronews.com/2026/04/09/uk-and-norway-foil-russian-submarine-plot-to-survey-undersea-cables-in-north-atlantic) [🍋](https://news.sky.com/story/explosives-with-devastating-power-found-near-pipeline-supplying-russian-gas-to-hungaryd-serbia-13528189) [🍐](https://www.reuters.com/world/at-your-service-hungarys-orban-offered-help-putin-bloomberg-reports-2026-04-07/) [🫐](https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2026/mar/31/europe-ukraine-bucha-eu-russia-hungary-iran-denmark-latest-news-updates) [🍇](https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/macron-seeks-draw-trump-g7-with-post-summit-invite-versailles-2026-04-10/)  

Maybe the defence-geopolitics boys do eventually got this.  

Read it as one fruit salad, and you've got the news.  

["You're making it too complicated"](../../Big_Picture_Protocols/🌀_System_Governance/⚖️_Legal_State_Governance/🇷🇺_russia_is_a_threat_when_process_is_weak.md) – tbf, I'm just carrying on a family line, [minus the "reading Russian" bit](../../../Polaris_Nest/✨_Letters_to_Stars/🇷🇺_Дорогой_Премьер-министр.md).  

<!--I know why the link isn't rendering, but I hope you can work it out.-->

---

[And on the whole "daloy polizei" of it all, I am so excited for this](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRV8krqW/), and I am going to be incredibly honest, before 2023, I didn't realise how Yiddish history was not necessarily as understood broadly in the ways that I am now understand it to have been purposefully forgotten.  

I did not know or understand the degree of the "not knowing" bit, and for that reason I sort of didn't appreciate at the time why it was such a big thing that I was noticing and being very loud about the fact that the Jewish Internet was fundamentally changing in the way it was.  
I did not realise quite the extent of the symbolic importance of the erasure that was very clearly being done at the same time of, and under the guise of protection in the name of, anti-Palestinian racism.  

It's only now that we're so much further on, that I think so many of us is Jews even though it's still a small number of us, concurrently see quite how wide-ranging that was, and where the motivations were coming from.  

So if people who are not Jewish suddenly see that a number of Jewish people are changing position in an outward manner over the last six months and within the six months going forward, something has been happening to us during this time which has been hidden underneath everything else going on, and we don't even fully understand quite the impact of it ourselves – certainly not in a public facing way or in a way where we have completely reckoned with it.  

This is part of the reason that at the moment I'm writing from a position of reaching towards certain people, primarily, and so my politics have not changed, but I do realise that we need to keep building upon that bridge that we have, and I understand this will have made me less accessible to some other people over the last six months or so.  

There is a specific fisure that has been the target, and I'm not the only person who have noticed, and I'm not the only person to be in the process of trying to repair that bridge.  

And yes, it absolutely is related to the liberation of Palestinians, but this is also a bridge of our own which has been deli deliberately targeted during the time when tensions were high between us all, and this is the thing that we need to be able to be allowed to repair without being led by white non-Jewish politicians.  

[Because I'm aware of the broader audience, I would like everyone who is in the law enforcement or defence side of things who doesn't understand, to understand how that specific reference connects to this business.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_Peacock)  

That is the degree of eligibility that I am going to offer you, and really that should be more than enough; to want a precise explanation is to violate the privacy of the thing, please allow some spaces in marginalised communities, to just be sacred.  

It's giving, "the Taliban policing women eating ice cream in private gatherings of only women", quite honestly.  

---

[I had wondered why I was suddenly recommended so many Korean culture abd history books, and now I know why, because I share a centroid with the military who can't just say, "we will investigate", without bringing trauma in.](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNRVLG1cH/)  

The post has its own trigger warning, and you will see a method of death which would involve a form of torture.  

A lot of us, I've seen this content more or less on a consistent loop, for three years. We have seen it so often that one could compare it to when police forces have to sit and watch abusive imagery, as in the really horrible stuff, and that is your entire shift.  

The difference is that we never consented to it, no one else understood what we were having to watch all the time, because there was a general consensus that we probably all had some exposure to whatever any of us were seeing. In other words, you didn't think that I was being showing this all the time, and I didn't think you weren't being shown it.  

The only way I became aware of this, is by having conversations with people who had different algorithmic results, and at one point it was very clear that something about my algorithmic placement was suddenly trying to change a railroad tracks.  

I want to try and understand the deep need to bring up the holocaust, in terms of having to mention it when you're speaking about accountability for your own military actions, because I think there is some somewhat complicated history, there. I think it's fair to say that some people feel a strong residence with it, and some people do understand that they are doing it because they think it is pragmatic. What would actually show a sense of understanding your own drama, and what would actually show a sense of being able to be pragmatic, would be to recognise the violence without necessarily having to also remind the listening party of that statement, of the Holocaust.  

It should be noted as well, that particularly for European Jews I believe, it's actually been the case that for many years we used the January date of the liberation of Auschwitz; the internationalisation of the state of Israel's date, which is based in the Hebrew calendar but references the same event, is a very recent thing of Operation Iron Swords. Neither is right or wrong, but there appears to be a somewhat American dominance to this idea that we all do it at one time, and I understand why some people might want to internationalise it regardless of reaction, but the fact that there's been no real conversation in the outside world, is confusing to significant portions of the diaspora.  

This doesn't actually help if what you want to do is to unite people, it's actually reading as a supremacist position. In other words, it sounds a lot like one persons response and culture should be prioritised over someone else else's. This doesn't tend to actually get the result that you want.  

Something that seems to be significantly different culturally in the diaspora is the diaspora vanities have only survived *despite* being told what to do, so the more you tell them what to do, doesn't actually help a lot of them actually do what you want them to do. The fact that the power dynamic is missed, should say a lot about the state of where the supremacy beliefs are currently.  

We are not saying that you don't have a hard time, what we are saying is that you don't recognise our particular relationship with power and with the governments around us, because that is extremely different to your experience. It is literally the opposite, which is why the diaspora when it is left to do whatever it is going to do, does have more of a split that tends to support Palestinians, because they naturally identify with the idea of a people being oppressed by the government.   

This essentially makes what we see in this rhetorical response, feel like it is being inserted and therefore it cheapens the recognition of memory, for rhetorical impact.  

I don't want to call out a specific author in a Jewish newspaper, but I've seen a recent opinion piece that does what we see in a lot of hasbara or hasbara-adjacent pieces do, which is to take any and all violence and scary things that have been done in a way which appear to solely target people in our community, where there is not a difficult story to tell, and to link this both to the holocaust and also to Israel mercy reaction at this time.  

Whether or not everyone intense this to be the outcome, what this does to a lot of people, is to make it look like you are instrumental the genocide of the past to justify the genocide of the present.  

I'm just talking about what it does to Jewish readers; the impact is obviously so much more obvious to anyone who's not Jewish, because these are written to optimise Jewish fear.  

It's also an incredibly interesting insight into how this state concept of "going like sheep to the slaughter", has become embodied in current, modern hasbara. It is almost as if the state cannot recognise how it could be at all possible for a Jewish person to imagine the Holocaust as anything other than a mass moment of shame.  

As the Europeans et al may find this a little odd, or I certainly hope you would, I shall elaborate.  

I've spoken before about how within the story of muscular Jewish masculinity, the New Hebrew prototype of Jewish men simply cannot exist with a story that postulates the Jewish men failed militarily. If we actually understand what we can with hindsight, we also have to understand that whilst there was knowledge of the holocaust, the way in which had happened wasn't understood and the number of deaths were understood and how it could even be possible that the figures that we now know could've happened over the period of time, were not understood . In the early 20th century, this really was appointed which Europe had experienced the first genocide and eight years where it was people who were very whiter adjacent, and it was done on an industrial scale such that it was genuinely a shock to most people in the continent. It was also a lot easier in the last hundred to 150 years to suddenly have access to the press in a way where working class people could read for themselves, and not have an additional filter applied, and in addition, you had political organising of the working class for the first time of many years. you had a moment where transparency was possible, and so with the information that people had, which included all of the attitudes and the fear and the rumours, but didn't not necessarily include the answer of "how could this have ever happened", and where there was genuine ignorance at that point from the same class interest groups as to how many genocides had occurred across other continents, by European powers, this was all incredibly shocking.  
There are so many people who can speak to this particular point with so much more accuracy and frankly, in a far more interesting way, but Zionism essentially could not reconcile the idea that there may have been any further complication, and so in order to preserve the new muscular Hebrew man, they had to deny that any Jewish men had stood up or been brave, they had to deny any heroism by Jewish women, and so the survivors had to be framed as going like sheep to the slaughter.  

This refusal to understand or to have any memory or to be able to embody Jewish masculinity in a constructive way, is an extension of Zionism, a hardening of it, and so it should not be surprising to us once we know this, that it is incredibly difficult for any one who is primarily influenced by state-aligned writing or media to essentially have to frame Jews in the Holocaust as being *only* victims.  

This completely flattened the story of the Holocaust and the survival and the horror.  

In some ways, it is even more psychologically disturbing to have to admit to oneself that even though many Jewish men fought back with violence, and quite rightly so - as is the right of any people to fight back with armed resistance, that's so many Jewish men were murdered, in most cases just for being Jewish. (I've spoken previously then in some cases that wasn't even the reason that they got picked up.)  

It is very irritating therefore, to come across people who frame bundism or frame diasporism as somehow weak, in comparison to a military that has probably got a nuclear arsenal.  

This becomes even more interesting when you look at how many young Jewish men who were essentially child soldiers, from the ghettos, ended up within Israeli leadership.  

The idea of any Jewish men, as a group, being inherently weak, is a European archetype of antisemitism. It's simply as that, and so to see it repeated by hasbara is a little irritating to say the least.  

We don't always need everything to frame us as victims all of the time. We don't need this because in order to be strong against oppression, we are not always victims, and we have never always been victims.  

I frankly do not think that enough Jewish people in diaspora understand or no enough stories of the people who literally did put their lives on the line, quite often with brutal force, quite often with violence in the face of almost certain death, in order to preserve your memory. I think that is such a shame to us all, that we do not know that history quite as well as we ought to, and it's why I genuinely am very excited to learn about different stories and why this will be a collective communal project that we have to do, because there is too much work to be done at having to resurface what we have forgotten because we have all embarked on this collective project where we become the oppressors.  

If the Europeans had no better idea than to make us another group of them, then that is the fault of their own imagination, and it is our responsibility to remember who we are and to embody the Jewish imagination which is kept us alive for 2000 years in exile.  

There is absolutely no need to always be victims, and it is completely inappropriate to respond to extremely credible claims of war crimes, of torture, of murder, and to route it back to our own suffering, as if the suffering of Palestinian men is completely irrelevant.  

Some of you hate Palestinian men because they represent, to you, everything that you have been taught to hate about yourself.  

A stronger Jewish masculinity would be able to recognise the complexity of Palestinian men, because it would be able to recognise the complexity of Jewish men.  

You are not a bunch of girls, you are not inherently diseased, you are not all fabulously clever (trust me on that one, you ain't), and all of that is perfect perfectly fine.  

Some of you are extremely strong, some of you are not, some of you are witty and smart, some of you are not: you are more complicated and more interesting than you have betrayed yourselves to be for the last three years and counting.  

I'm not removing responsibility and accountability, but I would like to remind you all that you are better than this, and if you are not, you are certainly able to be.  

Remember who you are.  

And you might want to research quite how many of your ancestors, if not literally on a spiritual level, fought Nazis so that not more Jewish people would die than had already died.  

We so often focus on how it was possible to be that industrial that we forget, that the Nazis were actually slowed down, through constant resistance and persistent effort, and many of that came from people who were not Jewish, but a lot of it did come from Jewish men.  

Be better than this.  

(I am aware that a good section of the audience is Jewish men. You will be continually reminded to improve yourselves, and to remember who the fuck you are. Your current difficulties with embodying healthy Jewish masculinity are what are leading you to support demonisation of Palestinian men. Many of you appear to be unaware that you are able to be better than this, which is why you are going to be continued to be reminded that you are better than this, or you would at least have the potential and the capacity to be better than this. whoever benefits from you feeling and acting like this, has a vested interest in you bearing the cost for whatever they want to achieve. Stop assisting them.)  

---
