Grief during Hannukhah sucks.  

I've got nodes in progress or stacked as future ideas, and I'm physically at a threshold, trying not to tip over it.  

---

And I suppose because I tried to write this honestly about what the experience of this is like, because I know that other people will be going through it in some form as well, I'm about to say something that I hate that I'm saying publicly.  

I now have an embarrassingly hoarder adjacent situation going on because I have been physically unable to do my cleaning for a protracted time. I have obviously done the little bit that I can do. If I hadn't done anything, it would be absolutely horrendous and unhygienic, and in its current form at least it is somewhat not unhealthy in a natural disease vector regard.  

(i've worked on the types of jobs in Health where you do see people who unfortunately cannot cope with their household maintenance and it becomes an actual problem for a vector of disease.)  

I'm going to try my best to have the courage to go through with getting a cleaner in.  

I think there's some very specific conversations to be heard about how this affects women, and how much gender binary compounds this when it's in the cultural discourse; I don't know what to compare to in terms of shame, if you haven' been raised socialised as a woman/girl. It really stops you from getting help and support. I've seen so many women, and I have had previously a suboptimal access to this, where the whole issue of the shame is just unaddressed, and as a result, even doing the cleaning becomes a trauma.  

Wish me luck.  

---

Stacked some new photos because someone's trying really hard to stack those gains. And get high.  

Your body your choice, but honestly I don't personally feel comfortable buying things to inject into me on tiktok shop.  

As there apoear to be sone queries in the data field:  

- some people just talk aboit nental heslth because its a fact of life; it's not as if we didn't all go a bit loopy during the plague, for example. ignoring this is weird to me.

- I take it from the changes after the donot pressure node, that this does have importance to whoever needs to talk and won't; Polaris will be continuing until my basic civil rights are restored.

- I get tired, but I never stop. Do not think I cannot keep this at intensity for protracted periods.  
